I was so happy and excited when I received this shirt. I think it is absolutely gorgeous. However, it was too big for me when I received it. I normally wear any where from a large to x-large depending on the shirt. Most of the shirts I order from Amazon are in the XL category for me. I ordered this shirt in an XL and it was way too big for me. The seller was fantastic. Let me return the product with no hassles. I highly recommend this shirt and this seller.
I was hesitant about the sizing seeing the past reviews about them fitting more snuggly than other brands but they are a perfect fit. They are professional enough for work and very comfortable. Exactly what I was looking for. I'm wearing them in month 6 of my pregnancy and there is enough room and stretch for the next few months.
I got this bag as a sports tote for my 8 year oldInside we are able to fit-water bottle-soccer ball-2 pairs of shin guards-extra child sized adidas track pants-child sized mesh soccer short-childs sized sports jersey-childs sized under armour shirt-soccer cleatsand we have plenty of room to add more items, remember these are childs sized items I haven't used it for an adult yet but I am going to use it as a gym bag once sports are over with for the yearPros-well made-roomy for a small tote-looks exactly as picturedThe only issue I have with the bag is that it doesn't have multiple pockets its one open area inside but for the price who cares its a nice bag and I am glad I purchased it.
I have had digital watches for years, so learning the features I wanted to use wasn't hard (this does not include laps or anything like that--I want the time, timer and alarms).  I ve had this watch for a month and so far it's working great!  I wear it to run my dogs, then lay it in a sunny window for my workout (45 mins. or so).  Even with cloudy days, it hasn't come off its highest battery setting and it's keeping good time.  The reason for the &#34;lost star&#34;-- the buckle and band.  They are really cheap plastic and I don't expect them to last.  Still, it's an inexpensive watch, so a cheap band is no big surprise, I just wish it was made to be replaced (the band, not the entire watch!).  I would recommend it to a friend, with a major caveat about the band.
They are well made and a good fit for a reasonable price. The relaxed fit is a tad baggy but  I woukd buy them again and recomnend them. I like them better than Levi's.
looks expensive. I add it with more expensive rings bangles etc and you can not tell the difference.  I confided with a co worker how much I actually paid for it and he placed an order for this very same watch.
I was disappointed to discover their are matching earrings that I found AFTER these had been ordered.( I have definitely ordered those now!  *) GREAT gift for the preteen girls! Not huge and not small. A PERFECT size! I absolutely LOVE the sentiment &#34;kiss me' subtly placed on the back== a wonderful gift for this Aunt to give to a niece I want to remind that I love her kisses &#60;and hugs&#62;
"I bought these for an upcoming rave, and I am so glad I did! These were SO amazing! Especially for the price! They don't shed whatsoever, are the perfect length and fit  (I'm 5'5""  and 140 lbs), the band doesn't dig into my leg and they shipped SUPER fast! I am very happy, will buy in more colors!"
I love this earring!!!! It's SO unique and I get compliments all the time!It's not heavy at all and is more comfortable to wear than I could've imagined.The only complaint I have is that I wish the back secured a little better, I'm worried it will fall off without me knowing.I've been wearing it for 5 days now though and it hasn't yet...
I ordered these pants in a medium. I want women to be sure of size, so ... my weight is 120 pounds, petite and I am 5'4&#34; -- these are PERFECT in a medium. I was going to return them and get small ... but, thankfully I washed them to see how much they shrink. They are PERFECT in a medium. Obviously I couldn't return them after washing them, but I just wanted to see how they fit after washing and drying them. The pant legs are a bit long, but I love the size!!!
We purchased these shoes for our 16-year-old son, and he absolutely loves them.  They fit wonderfully, provide all-day comfort, and the style is great with all of his school clothes.  We will probably order another pair in a different color for him.  Very happy with this purchase!!
This wallet is very convenient and easy to use.  I had previously tried a longer model and this one is working much better for me.  Cards, etc stay in place and do not fall out at the checkout counter.
i bought these for my 6 yr old daughter, as everyone always comments &#34;please buy 1 size bigger&#34;, well i did as usual, but these were a little wide mid-point. i bought a 2M and I can never get those letters correct.
"These earrings arrived ""lightening fast"", and were very well packaged in a sturdy small mailing box, within which was a nice blue gift box, within which was a blue velour drawstring bag containing the earrings.  The earrings look just as I expected. They are a ivory/white color and have a pearly sheen to them, which you can't really see in the example photo.  (Pearls can have an irridescence look to them. ) I bought this set on Gold Box special for around $20, and they are more than worth it.  The shape of each pearl i recieved is close to perfect, and there are just a few very tiny flaws (little ""dents"") in the surface  that are so miniscule I had to look really close-up to even find them.  The diameter of my pearls is 6.5 mm , which is almost exactly the diameter of the end of a standard pencil eraser.  I have med-sized earlobes for a 5'2"" person, and I think these pearls are proportioned nicely for my face - even are a tiny bit larger than I might have thought to buy in person. The posts are a generous length too, which is good becuase they will poke me in the head if I go to sleep and forget to take them off !  I wish i could have bought 3 sets (extras for gifts), but the particular sale only allowed one set per person..."
I wear these all the time. They are a good size and cover your eye area so sunlight doesn't leak around the edges but they aren't so big as to make you look like a bug or an alien. Fit on the nose well and are super cute. They came with a little draw string nylon carry case to keep the lenses from getting scratched. I doubt these cheap things block out the UVA/UVB or other damaging wavelengths but for fun glasses you can break or lose without getting upset, these are where it's at.
no complaints, they are fishnets. did the trick. they were comfortable and fit fine. i am 5'5&#34; and 120 lbs.
These shoes are cute and okay to wear for short periods of time.
I am with the purchase of this tank top! I think it is great to wear over another tank and with leggings!
VERY SEDUCTIVE ! IN DEED ! ! !FITS VERY NICELY AND WHEN SHE PUT ON A SHEER BODY STOCKING ON UNDER IT WITH A PAIR OF OVER THE THIGH STILLETTO BOOTS ... WELL WHAT COULD I SAY *********
These were very nice and soft and i love the color. I haven't washed them so not sure how that will go but so far they are just what i wanted.
i love these they fit perfect i should have bought more they rock and they were very inexspensive i bought them after my 300$ glasses got stolen and i like these just as much as i liked those ,they actually fit better:)
Our child begged and begged for these, but now that she has them she doesn't want to wear them. I wasted a lot of money on this. I'm told that this shoe is stiff, has little padding, and is uncomfortable to wear. She says she can't run in them, and that they hurt her feet. Also, the velcro pops open/off when she walks. She's only worn the shoe about 3 times since purchase, and I will probably donate them. I won't buy them again.
Review for Women's Mammoth Flat--Black:These are really cute shoes, really like the inner lining. I live in my other Crocs; however, these shoes bent in the wrong place under the ball of my foot and felt tight around my small toe. Sounds weird, but they fit around my foot with socks, so the sizing was correct, but they hurt to walk in. I have foot issues, but have no problems with other styles of Crocs. I'm having to return them because they aren't comfortable.Hope I can find another pair.
It is good quality, but I did not realize the cups are as padded as they are. It really gives me clevege.
"The earrings in the picture have stones set in a ""basket"" type setting.  The ones they sent are set in cheap looking flat prong setting.  I purposely ordered these earrings because the picture shows the basket setting.  I'm very disappointed with these.  Yes, they are cheap earrings, but these look cheap, too."
I have absolutely no problems with this scarf. It fits... well, like a scarf. It can't possibly not fit. It feels really soft though. It keeps me warm. It also looks nice. What else is there to say?
I am quite happy with this purchase, it is elegant, classy and it fit comfortably the first time. Feel like buying another pair.
If you want real compression, get a smaller size.  I normally wear size XL, but ordered this in Med and the fit is just right.  Tucks in all the jiggly bits so I can run better, minimizes nipples showing through.  Comfortable in warm weather.
Beautiful ring , great fit. I bought this in two different colours and they both look stunning. Very happy with the look, fit and price. Great seller
I love the design, the details, the fit and the flow. Add a slip for a more pageant look or go without and pair with sandals for a sundress. It's so precious!
I'll wear this under a shirt since my aging skin on my arms isn't pretty.  It's a wonderful color and shape.
A little tight at the area of the drawings and in the top. But I would rather have that than a too big of a sock..but that may be just me
I wore out my first pair.... just bought the second.  Fits just as good though I think these new ones are slightly higher in the heel.... but just a tad.  Very soft upper slipper and love the Velcro adjustable flap. I wear a size 10 and they fit perfectly.  Very good arch support so if you don't like support there you might not like these slippers.  Also, I washed the others at least three time... held up well during washing and drying.  Good quality for a $60 pair of slippers.... highly recommend if you live in slippers after a hard day of work and on the weekends.
A neat  and very attractive item indeed !Fits perfectly into my wife's dresser drawer and holds all her jewelry
Last time I ordered these shoes i got an 8 1/2 wide and they were way too big all around.  I tried using an insole but still too big and so I had to return them.  This time I ordered an 8 wide, expecting to use an additional inner sole with more arch support but this time they were a bit on the snug and narrow side.  They look great but I can't fit the extra support in nor can I wear them with anything besides the thinest sock.  I am keeping them for looks but they won't be something I would buy again.
got this after I read it runs big in size, I love it it fits nice for a XL being i'm a plus size, and i'm a David Bowie Fan if your a Bowie fan then GET IT
I have been purchasing these bras for years from my local Macy's. I'm a busty gal, and with the kind of physical work I do, I need all the support I can get. I also use these to exercise and run in, and they hold up real good. The only thing that's a little annoying is the shoulder strap; when the bras are new the straps tend to dig into my shoulders, and gets uncomfortable after a few hours of wear. It gets better after breaking them in.I'm so glad I found these here on Amazon. When I ordered them, they're just under $17, which is about 50% less than what I usually pay at Macy's. A much better deal, and I don't have to wait for those buy 2 get 1 half off, or whatever sales. Will try to buy all my bras here now. =)
It's really plain. I can't say much about it. To me, it's worth $12 so it's way overpriced for what you get. I'm a petite person and the small is stretchy but not too tight.
I bought these for my ten year old daughter who just started to need some coverage for modesty under her clothes this year but is too young for a regular bra. She had been wearing camisoles, but with the warmer weather we switched to these so that she would not always have a double layer of clothing. The sizing was perfect, and she was able to put them on and adjust them herself with no help. They are very comfortable, just right for a little girl who is somewhere between undershirts and a bra, or even an older girl who does not need a lot of support.
Perfect cozy, warm, cotton comfort.  Fits under my regular pants (work and jeans) easily without bulkiness or making me feel like a sausage.  They breathe nicely.  I'd get more!
wonderful  will be place another soon , grandson love  them wish you make the sock, thank you for good service
I am comparing this to the Jubralee bra that I like much better. The reason I do not like this one is because the support band beneath the breasts curls up and gets uncomfortable after extended wear.
Nice and thick cushioning, but not too thick a sock.  Well made.  I can see why some people are so loyal to this brand.  So comfortable, especially in the toe.  Warm and dry feet is so important to a diabetic.  These socks are great.  I bought 6 pair for myself. Just the right size. We are going to buy some crew socks for winter here in the UP.  I wear one pair as bed socks.  No binding on the ankle.
I was surprised at how soft and pretty this dress is (I dont know if it will be the same after washing)! I wanted a looser fit, so I went size up (L instead of M). The length is perfect too, I can wear it leggings, I am about 5.5 ft.
The fit is good, the comfort is awesome. The memory foam is the added comfort that makes them easy to wear all day.
This orthoheel flip flop is a bit wide.  I normally wear a 5 1/2 but this shoe only comes in 1/2 sizes so I bought a 5.  I thought that they might have felt wide because I was wearing knee highs when I tried them on and when I first tried breaking them in.  (Orthoheel recommends wearing their shoes for about an hour a day).  I decided to keep them and have now worn them with bare feet.  They are still a bit loose but are comfortable.
I'm not sure if this was mislabelled it was really big. Gave it to a friend who is bigger than me
Beautiful watch! Received as a gift...great quality! Had it easily sized down for small wrist. Getting nonstop compliments and would recommend as a gift for any women!
The tag says LET THE SUN SHINE!  The UPF50+ rating on this product's close-weave material (excluding open mesh) will block 97.5% of the sun's UV rays, so don't forget your hat when enjoying the outdoors, remember to wear sunglasses and sunscreenScala Women's Cotton Big Brim Ultraviolet Protection Hat with Inner Drawstringis perfect for gardening, pool, or beach.
I have wide feet and the 13 fit kind of narrow. The design is very nice and sleek making it worth it. After I a while the comfortableness goes away, I don't wear these often...
This bag was a surprise.  I ordered it because I liked the bright turquoise color shown.  This was not the color I received.  It turned up as a pale robin's egg blue. It has silver hardware and the black and white zebra vinyl.  The zipper is on substantial vinyl pieces that actually make a complete closure of the top of the bag.  A snap strap can pull in the two ends to change the shape of the bag.  Each corner has an inside snap to change it from a tote to a smaller bag. Inside the lining is a bright light gold.  This lining has a vinyl feel to it.  Should be cleanable.  Another surprise was the pocket layout inside.  One zippered pocket inside on back wall, another zippered pocket in front of that pocket but still on the back wall.  (This left the center of the bag totally open rather than being a pocket divider down the middle- What a great idea!)  Two open pockets for phone, etc. on front wall.  Pockets trimmed in blue piping. Handles are attached with four silver removable keepers.  Very nice white stitching throughtout.  Outside back has another zippered pocket big enough for keys or cell phone. This bag is medium sized.  It is not large. It didn't come with the heartshaped fob.  That was a disappointment.  They should add this or remove from picture.Later Note:  I took this bag on a four day vacation and some of the white has already worn off the outside of the bag.  I am very disappointed since the bag is brand new.
I have been wearing these for a couple weeks now, and I like them but they could have some improvements. I normally wear a 7.5 so I went a size down and got a 7. They fit very snug, the sling really supports my foot but the base of the shoe almost is too small I would be more comfortable wearing a 7.5 if they had one. I am afraid if I got the 8 it would be too big so if you wear a half size you might have some problems of these shoes fitting you.The sling fits very snug, almost a little too tight but not quite. And I like that, but over time I feel like the sling might stretch out over time and not feel as well. But right now I like the wear it fits in the heel. The toe part seems a bit wide and fitting it between my toes at the beginning was a bit uncomfortable. Sometimes I even lose circulation because of it. I am just use to smaller inbetween toe thingy this one has a lot of cloth there.They are very comfortable though, but not as comfortable that I imagined but much more comfortable than all my other flip flops right now. And being pregnant that really helps having that little cushion underneath. I have already got some complements on these flip flops as well.****update***I have been wearing these in dusty environments and and it shows on the grey flip flop. So, I decided to wash them in a load with my towels. They washed well except for the area by the toe the fabric there not all the dirt came out but overall there was no shrinkage and the bottom part came out fine as well. I just let them air dry over night and they were good to go the next day, still as comfortable as ever.And wearing them for a good month now, I only have troubles with them sometimes. Sometimes the shoe will twist and the bottom will flip out from underneath my foot. If I trip or my shoe gets caught, but it is pretty rare. They are my most comfortable pair of sandals right now, but they are harder than regular old flip flops to put on, especially when you are pregnant...like I am.
I always get so many compliments when I wear this necklace.  It is definitely a statement piece!  I did have a problem with one of the beads falling off, but I was able to take the matching earrings apart and put it on the necklace.  Now you can't even tell it even came off.  I highly suggest purchasing!
I will definitely say this is one beautiful ring, and when lighting hits it.. how it shines. A well made ring considering I was surprised to see a China stamp on the band but as long as its 925 I am pleased as I love to wear silver rings. Still a very impressive appearance for being a cheaper priced ring as I find I get compliments while I wear it out.
Got these for my 12 year old.  A heavy, sturdy boot.  Though he has the feet of man (size 9 1/2,) he has the patience of a little boy, so it was important I got something he could get on and off quickly (Velcro, yay!)  These are very tall, to keep the snow out of his ankles (love the drawstring at the top to cinch it closed) while he spends hours playing outside, and have a nice, thick sole.  This is the second set of these we've ordered.  His last set lasted four years (two years on older brother, two years on kiddo) and are still perfectly operational, although now too small.  Great value.
I have bought this bra in 3 colors and keeps buying them. They are super comfortable and padding is just right - Great for everyday wear.
this was a pair for a friend and she loves them. she is a hair dresser. i also work and wear mine a lot- they are so good on the feet.
I followed the sizing per Amazon's site, and it fit true to size for me (I purchased the medium).  I purchased this to wear underneath my long sleeve running shirt during my winter runs.  It does fine as a base layer but I have no clue where &#34;midweight&#34; comes in.  This is so thin and translucent, so I recommend air drying only after washing.  It probably needs to be washed in a laundry bag to reduce the pilling.  It does ok to wick away sweat, but I'll need something else when it gets much colder outside.
We measured with a tape measure by setting his foot on a piece of paper and marking his toes and heel. The boots fit exactly true to size. He says they are very comfortable. They are incredibly easy for him to get on and off (he's 4). They are a high quality pair of cold weather shoes.
"the over-all fit of the shirt is small for an XXL.  i'm 6'3"" and 210 lbs and i got the XXL.  but the sleeves are super short.  i can't decide if i want to return them or not.  the sleeves look like a baby shirt.  i was wanting a polyester work shirt that will last forever and resist staining.  i'm sure it will last a long time but it is tight in size."
Bought this for a cruise for formal night.  An absolutely beautiful dress, but the neckline is a bit low.  I don't have a lot to fill out the chest area, and didn't realize how low it was until I tried it on and had to buy some double dress tape to hold it in place or else the whole dinner crowd would get a quite the peek of more than should be shown.  I have since shortened the straps which has pulled the dress up to an acceptable cleavage peek.  But the dress is gorgeous, I really love it!
Again -  did not want to pay lots of money for a flat, namebrand shoe. Just wanted an inexpensive pair of shoes for running around now and then and for work.  Had to send the size 9 back for a larger size.  I wanted a half size larger but settled on a size 10.  A size I have never worn but, the 2 little inserts that accompanied the shoe made them perfect with stockings.  If I was more adventuresome I would order the blue one's as well.  The color is so appealing.
Love this shirt! Very casual and relaxed fitting/looking. It's not-skin-tight-summer-wear that I'm loving. Would definitely recommend and true to size.
I love these shoes! They are my new favorites. They look great and they are comfortable enough to wear all day and into the evening. Based on other reviews about sizing, I ordered a 9.5 (I usually wear a 10), and they're still roomy. I *might* have gotten away with a 9, if I only wore super thin socks with them.Because I have large feet, the shoes look a bit like elf slippers with the slightly tapered toe, but I'm okay with that. The color is the same as in the picture. They go with almost everything.
This fits right, thinner than expected (I thought it looked like a sweater) is long enough to be a dress on a 5 foot 3 inch person (if worn with leggings). Very fun dress.
My newest gradson looks so stylish & comfy in his hew hats- Not bulkie ot to big- Sized as described-&  Budget friendly-Easy wash & med heat on dryer- Lay out flat- until used again- Recommend-
This is a strong pant that will last quite a long time. It is a bit longer than I expected but the waist fits exactly as I thought and after some washing the 100% cotton fabric will likely shrink the length a bit.
It is small, but worse than that, the ends poke into your skin. Oh well, not bad for what I paid for it. Figured why not give it a shot? If you don't plan to wear it all day or do any typing or use a mouse, you'll be ok.
"This is the perfect afforable semi-disposable gym bag for people (my boyfriend in particular) whose rancid gym clothes/shoes frequently get ""forgotten"" in the bag for days at a time and impart a permanent stench to the bag itself.  I plan on buying several of these and rotating them."
These glasses came as advertised and on time.  They fit my 8 1/4 size head.  The lens coverage is also excellent and they stay in place for sporting activity.  The interchangeable lens system also lets you use the glasses in different lighting environments (other lens sold separately)
What can you say about under shirts.  For the price, you can't beat the Hanes product.  Also try the Hanes under shorts.  They are also tops in my opinion.
They must be a child's size 8 instead of a ladies size 8. I normally wear a ladies size 6 and couldn't even get them up my thighs. I'm very upset about it, but since they are not damaged and I had opened the package I didn't think I could send them back.
It worked great for what I needed it for - a Christmas pageant with a mouse in it.  They are not the best ears in the world - but they were perfect for what I needed!
This is a stunning watch! It arrived ahead of the promised date and was beautifully packaged! The watch is more beautiful than the photo shows. The stones are very sparkly and the mother of pearl face is beautiful.  The watch is not gaudy but is a large and elegant boyfriend style.  It is definitely a very weighty piece of jewelry with fine features that will get it noticed! It is exactly what I wanted as a gift for my daughter. I did contact the seller and they promptly sent me the original invoice.
Too bad the size just wasn't right.  I ordered for my boyfriend who usually wears an Express X-Small or Small, depending on the cut.  I ordered this in what was supposed to be a USA Small, but it was teeny-tiny.  It's well made, and has a very unique styling.  Too bad it'll never be worn.EDITED:  I'm adjusting the review on this product.  The material was great, the quality was great, and when I found someone that it fit, he loved it.  I may decide to buy one of these again.
I love the color, and mainly the design, timeless piece can be dressed up and down. Casually wear in  a relaxed setting, on a cruise, sooo many options. Am very much please with this item. Plan to get lots of wear out of it. Feels nice against the skin.I ordered in medium am 5'3 116 LBS fits nicely with my black leggings and boots!
Great Shoes!!!
Very comfortable.  Very easy to slip on and off.  Only concern is how to clean them. Would have been a 5 if not for that.
"I bought this as a present for my redheaded friend.. and it's gorgeous on her!  The Cherry blossoms on the front and back of the robe are colorful and finely detailed.  It comes in a ""one size fits all"" which was ample for her, and she's at least a size 20."
So happy Crocs came out with a more dressy style. These go with everything and my little princess loves the sparkles. Love them!
I am a big big boy. 300+ pounds of pure love :-) No this is not a personals ad here. For the last few years, I have had lots of trouble with foot pain & have been changing shoes often to find something that works long term for me. I visit a Chiropractor once a week & was just randomly talking when he suggested I go to a proper shoe store & get my gait analyzed. I did so & after trying on 5-6 pairs of shoes, the shoe we narrowed down to was the Brooks Beast in 2E. What a miracle of a shoe this is. I am no expert on quality & no I do not run. If I did so, I would be much lighter. I need a shoe I can wear all day, walk around moderate amount & not have my feet kill me at the end of the day. This does just that. It comes in 2 colors & I own both. These are the only 2 shoes I wear everyday - day in & day out.
This top would be really cute if it didn't have a weird tie on the shoulder. It's out of place and awkward and was not shown in the photos at all.
This is an awesome shoe. It is well made and has a steel shank that keeps my feet and legs balanced so that I do not hurt after being on my feet. It is a pretty shoe as well, which is hard to find in one that fits well and wears well.
Had to return them. They were a size to big. My husband liked them but had me return them for the size.
I am an infielder on my city league slow-pitch softball team.  Nothing glorious about that, but boy is it fun.  Unless you take a shot off the infield dirt/gravel into the crotch.  Not fun.  That is why I trust my Shock Doctor Men's Ultra Supporter with the carbon flex cup.I do not understand the reviews about the uncomfortable jock strap.  That's just not the case.  It is a solid jock strap and comfortable to wear.  Although I wear mine over boxer briefs (it's more comfortable and the protection is not affected).I will note however that the cup is a bit small.  It is worthwhile to go ahead and purchase a larger cup if you need it or like to wear your jock strap over briefs/boxers.
Low quality item and very thin material.  Also won't cover ears due to the visor.  Looks good, but doesn't keep your ears warm.
Cheaply made. Very nice to look at though. I just feel like crap that it was a gift and broke on the second day.
Do not hesitate to purchase these scarves. They are not the thick---wide scarves people are currently wearing, but a light weight long length scarf. I may go back and buy &#34;set 2&#34; to have the colors. Also, placing two scarves wrapped can enhance the colors or tone it down depending on what one needs to go with their outfit. I love it!  Great summed edition!
This blouse is so different and pretty. It looks just like the picture and it fits me perfectly. I'm so glad I bought it!
I bought some Vans and some Converse All-Stars (Low) and didn't like wearing them without socks.  I looked for socks that didn't show on these types of shoes, but didn't have any luck!  Then I found these and was completely satisfied!  These feel great and don't show when wearing low-style shoes.  Overall, I'm so happy I found these!
this is a great looking coat my only complaint is that they could of made it with a little more room for a large coat it is snog oh well diet time if im going to wear this beautiful coat this winter
Got these for my husband.  They are okay, but the back (heel part), bent in and is now just caved it.  I'm always afraid he is going to trip over something.
I ended up keeping these shoes just because I got such a good deal on them and it wasn't worth paying the freight to return them...they are a little dowdy but still high quality and fit the bill for work day use.
I am 5'9&#34; and long in the torso. This jacket was just long enough, but I found the drop length in back to give a sorta unflattering look to the front and hips. The arms weren't as tight as other people have said and I do have pretty thick upper arms. It might be a back problem with a thick sweater. The fleece was probably one of the thickest I have seem inside a jacket. Overall, cute jacket, but just not right for me.
I recommend this jeans. love the fit. I just got it 15 mins ago. Tried it on loved it and came straight to give 5 thumbs up!! :)
These are great - they fit a little big on the waist, but overall I love them. Will probably buy another pair soon.
(by the mrs) I wanted something a little extra to wear under a dress to flatten out my belly a bit.  This worked wonderfully.  As advertized, it keeps the core nice and warm.  I have started wearing it daily under my work clothes.  It really helps with keeping good posture.
I liked the shirt a lot. It's great for all sorts of outdoor activities and travel, and it made very well. However, it's tremendously over-sized. I usually wear an XXL in Columbia shirts and this fit like a 3XL. Have to return this one.
I bought the skirt in bungardy, amazing surprise!  great quality, looks amazing with boots... will get it in more colors.
This coat was over a hundred dollars less than one I saw at J. Crew and much finer quality.  It is not heavy, heavy like the original, Navy Pea Coats, but it keeps me warm in South Carolina.  I took the advice of others who said the coats ran large and ot a small, rather than a medium.  Fits perfectly.
The stones look fairly cheap but you can't beat the price. Nice for a little girl to wear, a bit toy-like for an adult.
I've worn Asics shoes for quite a few years, both as casual shoes and cross-trainers.  After several years of abusing an ankle, I decided I needed a shoe with a bit more lateral stability.  These pure running shoes seemed like they might be the answer. The lateral stiffness is there for sure, but the shoes are a bit too stiff front-to-back.  After about thirty miles of use, they've relented a little. But the stiffness still results in a flat 'plop' as the shoe rolls forward following the heel strike.  The gel also seems to be less effective than in other Asics I've worn.Construction and materials are of good quality.  These might be the perfect shoes for some runners or race-walkers (perhaps those with slender builds).  I'll be looking into some other models next time around.
There is no question that when it has came down to great watches, Citizen has shown to be one of the most dominant brands in watches. I absolutely have been so amazed with the styles and the strength of their definitive eco-drive watches. They've shown to be the best without the hastle of the battery. That works well with this skyhawk A-T watch. It runs completely on not just the sun and artifical light, but has a perpetual calendar as well, that runs brilliantly through radio waves and has the best in world time. It really delivers the best in watches, for anyone that wants a pilot-style watch with all the joy of a titanium band. It really is strong, sturdy and worth every penny. I absolutely love the brilliance of this watch, and it is easy to program, and runs simply with the strength of the wrist, and the drive of what Citizen can really do. I absolutely recommend this watch a whole lot.Price: BConvince & Strength: BOverall: B
Very light little splash of color.  Soft and silky just the kind of scarf you can add to make a accent color statement. Added it with my grey suit and silver earrings and it really popped! Color is rich and tasteful!  True match of image and product.
This is a perfect wallet for me. Its a nice size, feels very good, and fits all my cards (Credit Debt, gas, Store etc.,) safety and securely. It has a place with a window for a Drivers License, It has a large area for money with a compartment with a zipper for big bills or something else important. The only negative is the insert is short at the end you insert and can fall out. I replaced it with a different insert with a longer insert part, that fits this wallet. With that insert I have even more places for more cards.And it makes this the perfect wallet for me.
You get what you pay for. Ill fitting and looked cheap. No support what so ever. Returned for a refund.
I liked these pants the first and only time I wore them. If you take your clothes to the cleaner and don't mind ironing, than this is a really good pair of pants at a really good price. But if you are lazy like me, you want a pair of pants that need, at most, fluffing in the dryer. So if you are looking for a nice comfortable pair of pants that take some maintenance, these are for you. They are light weight, good fit and comfortable. The issue with these pants are not the pants, the issue is my personal preference. It is my fault for not being more careful when I purchased them.
I purchased these for my husband & he likes them very much. They don't come out of the dryer as well as other shorts I've purchased & they are definitely more prone to wrinkling but they are light weight & great for Texas summers!
the fabric from which this bra is constructed were softer!  This bra is wonderfully styled: good support, stretch straps, no wires, everything you'd hope for in a full cup bra.  But the fabric, the fabric!  It's scratchy all over--dreadful!  My skin was flushed when I took it off.  I will be returning it.
I guess it is good for the price but it is not the perfect fit. It looks pretty and the colors are fabulous
I love the fabric and durability, no piling after many washes and no shrinkage. This top is gathered at the chest line and drapes from there into a flowy a-line shape. Lovely with jeans and a long necklace or scarf. I will definitely be getting more of these- I am short and curvy, the large fit well but the xlarge is longer and more drapy so I wear the large with jeans and the xl with leggings for a little more coverage. It's good to wear a cardigan or open top over this so you don't get that maternity look. Hope this helps!
I always purchase these slip on for my husband and son. They like it, I love it! Perfect for house slippers.
I was skeptical, but a few friends wear these as motorcycle boots.I got a pair and got the wider width.I can honestly tell you these are far more comfortable than any other boot I own (Red Wings and Danner) and seem to be holding up good as well, although I've only had them for a short bit.  Though... I do wear them roughly 5 days a week and that includes riding back and forth to work and well.... they've also become my work boots.
I have very acetic skin, so I have a problem wearing silver as it turns black. I could never find a silver cleaner that I could just dip the silver and it would remove the blackness and return the silver to show room new....UNTIL NOW! I took some jewelry that has been sitting around for years because I could not wear it, dropped it in the cleaner....2 mins later and it looked show room beautiful. Now I can go back to wearing silver again.....hurray!
I was about to order these until I saw that they are made in China.  Probably explains the problem in sizing most people are experiencing.
It has an odd smell, even after washing. It is very light and thin. That is good if you are looking for a light, thin hoodie, but for the price, I wanted something warmer and more substantial. I ordered a 4x thinking it would be big and comfy (I like my hoodies a bit loose), but it is like a tent. If you order your true size, it should fit well.
I ordered this in a large and it fit exactly as I had hoped. I got it to wear over a tight camisole or tank and it is perfect for that.  Very lightweight. Length is flattering and comfortable.  The fabric will pack well for travel.  I plan to order in a couple more colors.
Too small for my Brighton bracelet, but kept it, use on a silver choker necklace. I like it very much!
I first bought these shoes at JC Penney's and they quit carrying them.  I found them again at Amazon and at a better price than I could get them anywhere else...and free shipping!  I am on my feet all day at work and these are the best shoes I have found that keep my feet from hurting.  They have excellent arch support and extra padding in the heel.  Hope Amazon keeps carrying them because I will keep buying them.
I liked the material and love the sheer through the Middle of the sleeves. The material is not revealing or clingy. It's nice and comfortable, just worried I'll ruin it if not careful. Looks great with my skinny jeans and black boots. I added some bling and it's a nice casual going out outfit, love it thanks!
The lace is extremely comfortable. I'm 5'3 and 105lbs and the skirt of the dress ends at mid thigh, perfect to just wear it out anywhere I want. This dress is so cute, it will not stay inside the bedroom that's for sure ;)
My little sister loved this shirt, however it is larger than i expected. Probably closer to a medium or large
Could wear these pants everyday!!!  The southern heat can get really miserable even in shorts but these are so lightweight and comfy.  A step above even the other harem pants I own because these ones have pockets!!!!!!
These don't seem to be quite as thick as they used to be, but, all in all they are OK for the price.
my son loves it and it lights up :) I love pumas and this is my sons 2nd pair and I will be buying him puma shoes in the future.
The material is very thin, thinner than a regular undershirt. The shirt is very crushed coming out of the dryer and requires ironing. The shirt is ill formed and doesn't fit as well as even an undershirt. They are only suitable to wear around the house.
Okay, this dress at least I can donate to a little girl I guess. Hope it can be strong enough to wear half month without broken.
The older version had thicker material which wicked moisture better.It seems the tails were a little longer too. Otherwise the fit is still the same.
It was a gift for my mothers birthday. She loved it. The box it kinda flimsy, but it was still pretty and she loved it.
This dress is colorful and lovely! One size fits all is true. Very comfortable. Though I have not worn it (aside from trying it on) or washed it. I will update this review later.
This is really not a shawl - it is a ruana  wrap.  It is a large rectangle with the front part splitting to cover both sides.If you expect a triangular shawl or even a long straight rectangle - this is not that.However, that is not a real issue with me.  It is soft and beautiful.  It is a lovely acrylic yarn and looks lovely on.  The size is good for a medium build person and the color is lovely.
She has had these for about 6 years wears them all the time. they start out a bit snug and the wool mats down a little. She loves them so much I'm buying her another pair for Christmas. Beware of fakes. I bought some at a discount last year and they were not real. An easy tell is the soles are stiff and not nearly as flexible as the real ones. The fake ones came with hologram &#34;authentic&#34; badge of some sort. Real ones don't have holograms anywhere. Get real ones, if they are on deep discount they are most likely fake. Talked with a distributor of UGG and he told be UGG is very stern about price regulation.
I bought the shorter version of this I liked it so much I went ahead and ordered this one so comfortable.
My regular size was too small in the toe area so I ordered half a size bigger which fit perfectly with a bit room. The inside of these shoes feels soft and they feel very comfortable however they have no arch support. They look very stylish with dresses and jeans and can be worn year round. The tread has some pattern so they are not slippery on wet surfaces. I will be buying an insole to help with the arch support.If you are looking for a comfortable soft everyday shoe these are it and they run tight in the toe box area so order half a size up.
Love it, I love the fact that this umbrella is small and can fit in any bag I use. The plus side its a pretty purple color and when it gets wet it changes into flowers. really pretty and functionable at the same time.
I am very pleased with the quality and fit of these panties. I like the tag outside so it doesn't irritate my skin or create a bump in my clothes. Definitely recommend these!
great quality and great materials came in a bit late but overall they were nice Im size medium ordered an XL just incase it still wouldn't fit
Very good construction, lightweight with wheels that do a 360. The zippers are sturdy and the pockets are everywhere, perfect for organizing your little travel bits. The inside has plenty of room. The color is attractive and will be easy to spot in the luggage area. The handle is very sturdy and thick without adding weight. The one problem is the measurement. It is NOT a carry on for many airlines because of the wheels! I will be using this primarily for car travel not for flying.
Got this last Christmas and just absolutely love it. It's quite lovely and the details around this mirror is just beautiful. I use it as a perfume tray and I am very happy with this purchase.
Looked everywhere at stores for a black and red Under Armour hoodie. He loves it! Good quality clothing and a happy kid.
From the minute I put them on, they didn't really feel cushy at all. They aren't hard but they were not exactly what I have come to expect from the other Asics I have. I got these in particular because they have a trail tread. About half of my run is 4 wheel drive country :-) During the winter, when the ground is so wet, so much of the trail is mud and I was worried that I would break an ankle. The traction on these is great. No slipping at all so for that I would give them 5 stars. And, as with all Asics, there is no &#34;break in&#34; time. No hot spots or blisters from the very first wear. Overall I am really glad I got them, I would buy them again just because of the traction issue, can't very well run with a busted ankle! But if you are looking for a really cushy shoe this is probably not the best choice.
Just like the matching jacket, which was purchased as a suit separate, this is a very high quality and excellent value for money product.
i put them on in morning i take them off at nightdont need to be great quilty or expensivethese are good quailty good price !!
These fit great, unlike a lot of leggings that pinch in on the sides (giving you side bulges) these don't.  They fit up high enough and even when stretched or worn all day they stay up and around the waist.  No sagging and no butt crack showing lol  I love these pants! Also, I have a booty, and finding leggings can be hard to do, that don't start coming down the moment I start walking.  I definitely recommend these!
My waist is 33' - 34' inches and the size small fit great. Washed them a few times now and the color and fabric are still as if I just bought them.
Love these! Fit normal sized legs easily...most knee socks I find will not fit over my calf muscle and/or bind my calf too tightly. These stretch and are super warm, my go to for winter, all winter, with boots, shoes, etc. Good for in the house too.
I bought this hat for my 3 yr old granddaughter.  It's a bit big but she LOVES it!  Would fit an adult actually.  I wish I could attach the photos of her wearing it...and then of her daddy wearing it at her insistence!  It will last for years because it is of very good quality.  The sequins and star were put on very well because they've stayed on and have not loosened up at all.  Now I know this hat was for a 3 year old, but her 8 yr old cousin was jealous, and I could easily imagine this being a hit with any lady looking for a little extra attention!!  Most definitely felt good about packing this in the box to send to my special little wrangler!
These pants fit well and are just a little long for my 5'3&#34; height. I am not sure how they will wash, will definitely turn them inside out as they are pretty thin. Not sure I will wear them to yoga class but are good for around the house.
These onesies were perfect, and too cute! They fit great and did not shrink. Excellent buy for the variety pack.
I've been trying to find a new bra style since my favorite was discontinued by Wacoal...and I finally found it, and it didn't cost me $100!Trying to find a 40F that was NOT a minimizer has proven more difficult than I expected.  This model, while it is not a seemless cup is still quite smooth and provides great side support, helping to get &#34;the girls&#34; out from under my arms and up front and center where they belong, and at this price I can keep two or three in rotation so they last longer.I'm very happy.  I'll try to come back after a few months and update how it hold up over time and repeated washing.
I was really surprised by the quality of the actual watch it self. It has a nice skeleton display as well as winds it's self as you walk around and move it. When the dial is clicked in, you can spin it and it will also wind up, which is a nice feature for those who do not move in a natural way that winds up the watch with their movement. The straps are not terrible quality but will definitely need to be changed after alot of use. They are not terrible but not the best. All in all, great quality for the price!!
"For some, this may be a dream, but for me it was a nightmare! Yes, the fabric is strong and silky. Yes, it holds in the breasts without compression which is a minor miracle for shaper tanks.  And yes, the length is just below thigh-high and the lace is intricate and well sewn. Unfortunately, the last yes, the ""yes, it does control-shape the stomach"", is the biggest no for me.SAUSAGE CASING ALERT. OK, so I could breathe, but the supreme tightness actually made me look FATTER under every single piece of clothing I own. And I'm not that fat. I have a belly that pooches out on a 5'7"" frame holding 160 lbs of weight. I look SO much better in theBarely There Women's Barely There Flex To Fit/Flawless Fit Bandini Cami, with a looser, flowing stomach panel with slight shaping. See my review, ""Ultimate Cami For Flattering Fit."""
These are my 'barn shoes' when it is not sloppy with snow or rain.  Love them.  Very comfortable and I order a pair a year.  They hold up well for spring, summer and fall with everyday wear before they start showing enough wear for me to want another pair.  I have arthritis in my feet and these accommodate the lumps and bumps without pain and still give good support.
I liked this bracelet for many reasons.  It only costs a couple of dollars, it is very unique (I've never seen a bracelet like this anywhere before), it subtly shows your faith, too, which is important to me.  You can dress this bracelet down with jeans and a t-shirt and blazer or sweater or dress it up with a dress or blouse and skirt.  Also, even though it is not real turquoise it looks like it is real so you can also wear it with other turquoise jewelry.
Comfortable & hard to scratch. It's simple style gives it a clean look. Extremely hard metal will shatter before bending. So no resizing.
This is a really nice shoe.  I ordered it in 1/2 size larger than what I normally wear and it fits perfectly.  Very comfortable for everyday wear, but not alot of cushion in the ball of the foot area.  Maybe shoe inserts would make your feet feel more comfortable after wearing for several hours. Don't hike in these or the balls of your feet will tire quickly.  There is good support in this shoe other than the ball of the foot area, and they are very lightweight.  Worth the price, glad I bought them.
"I know maternity clothes need to be longer, but do they really need to be SO long? I'm 5' 2"" - I wish someone would think of us shorter women! I hate all the extra fabric on my back, and in the arms. I feel like a child having to roll up my sleeves all the time.Make petite versions, please!I returned this because of the ridiculous long arms, and because it came with the seam undone in one area. The fabric on the Patty Mama clothes is also thin - I like them overall, but I'm skeptical about how they will hold up. The price is good on these tops IF they hold up."
Fits good.  Had a bit of a problem getting them on at first.  but once they get a bit stretched they slide on fine.  Had a lot of compliments.  Wore all night without a problem.
Very comfortable shoe. Looks just as it does in the picture. I should have ordered my exact size instead of a size up, but they still are wearable. I run about 10 miles a week, and my feet feel great.
This purse is exactly as shown.  The clasp works well and the fabric is really nice.  There is an inner pocket which I liked.  It fits a small wallet, phone, keys, compact and lip stick with out a problem.
I love the new Sea Bamboo Coral bracelet I bought before Christmas. It matches a ring I have, and they made me feel very festive. Thanks Amazon!
very sturdy material, perfect gift, ok price, came quicker than i thought, cuter in person. i love it and definately reccommend
Nice fit- They hold up well
she is liking them and wearing along with the top I bought her on the same day so I recommend
The watch arrived promptly and well made. I had no problem removing the links, and I really just like it. To be honest aside from the time I don't think it does anything else though.
Wanted this to wear as a light jacket over tanks and tees. It is just the right weight material, not too thin or thick. Very comfortable and washes and dries well. I did not have to iron since I took it out of the dryer and hung it up right away.
the band is narrow and poorly finished so it rubs against the skin uncomfortably - these had to be Hanes REJECTS - couldn't return them so I toss them out - total loss stay away from these crappy, uncomfortable underwear
I was looking for a dark brown pair of opaque hose and these fit the bill perfectly. The material is soft and smooth and seems well made. They seemed like they would last. What struck me the most about these is how comfortable they are. I wore them all day while out shopping and there was no pulling, tugging, adjusting or otherwise fiddling with them required. They were not itchy which is a big deal to me. I would definitely recommend these.
This ring is just okay.  The picture looks better than the actual ring, in my opinion.  It was smaller than I thought as far as the CZ goes and the band is thinner - the pic makes it look like a nice sized ring.  I have other stainless steel rings and this one just doesn't stay shiny.  I wore it for about two weeks and now it just sits in my jewelry box.  Not worth sending it back, it took forever to get here anyway since it came from China.  Oh well.
great summer shoe and color was so rich.  I recently had knee replacement and shoe was so comfortable even with swelling of knee.I wear 9m and shoe fit true to sizing.  My physical therapist even commented on how cute they were and he was a guy!
So quick review. I bought this one and a black one for my man along with two pair of Champion Men's Jersey Muscle Tee. He loves them. They fit well. The colors are not faded. It is a nice material.
What a great looking pair of leather flats. I get a lot of complements on this shoe. I always seem to wear these slip on flats. These are my favourite pair of flats. It doesn't matter what I ware, jeans or dress pants. The flats go with everything.
I love this, it's good quality and looks sharp.  If it were available in a few different colors, I would buy more to use for more of my bits and pieces, odds and ends.
I have sported this style for a long time. I am not sure if my feet got fatter or if the shoes are narrower than I remember. They feel a little tighter, although the length was spot on. May need to stretch a bit to be more comfortable for a wide foot.
I bought this bag for my friend. It's good quality. The lettering was placed a little high for my liking.  Besides that, it was great.
heard a love of raves about vibram shoes so i decided to get a pair for myself. everything seems to fit fine except for my right pinky toe..it feels like its crushed although i could feel a little room in there. not sure why? need to try again. probably best for just walking around and not for sports. kind of expensive when it doesn't fit perfectly--maybe its my feet...
I loved the leg warmers, the color is just as shown on the pictures, and the fit is just great so that they don't slide down my legs!
The real product I received doesn't look antiqued like in the picture where there is gold and dark.  What I received is all dark and looks hideous...Dont waste your money
They are the softest I've found and fit pretty well. Carefull if you have some muscle in your butt or thighs though since the leg length is a little on the shorter side and increased butt or thigh size exacerbates the issue. I've had issues with some competing brands having little to no space in the crotch despite thier advertisements (they aren't even stitched to have space) but these provide a reasonable amount of space if you like it nice and snug.
My husband took these to Costa Rica, wore them doing everything from hiking to white water rafting.  They dried quickly, though nothing dries very quickly in a rain forrest.  He is a solid size 12 all the time.  These shoes did run small for him.  Rocky Mountain quickly sent us the size 13 to replace.  They hit the make just fine.
I originally saw this ring posted on Polyvore.  I pinned it to my pinterest page and started looking for who carried this ring. I found it here at a great price. I purchased this ring as a birthday gift - to myself as a middle finger ring. I had to send the first ring back, size 9. Too small for the pointer and middle finger. In fact in did not go over the knuckle. It just barely fit my ringer so after all that I would say these run small and only come in whole sizes. I decided to order 2 sizes up to 11 to be sure it fit my middle finger. It is loose on my middle finger but fits my pointer finger.  All that to say....this ring does not look good on your ring finger it is too long vertically - it was at my knuckle.  It also does not look good on the pointer finger - it is too much and looks like a BIG ring too big for the finger.  On the middle finger it is perfect and looks well placed. I wear this on my right hand. I actually think it would make by wedding band look bad next to it!  It is an awesome piece and looks great alone on your hand - even bangles on your wrist take away from how striking this ring is.  I have since seen this ring on several polyvore outfits - it appears to be very popular as a casual piece of jewelry. 10/2012I returned the ring to Amazon and ordered the 11 without any problems.  I got a credit within days of mailing it back.  I used the UPS label from Amazon and dropped it in a UPS drop box. I highly recommend using this service for returns. Quick and easy.
Love them love them love themThese are my everyday boots, throw them on and go. Dog chewed at my heal I may need to buy a new pair!
This dainty necklace is so beautiful! The coloring is nice, the size is nice. I also like that it has matching earrings which I own. I recommend.
I love this! It's great quality, but the only problem is that it's not adjustable. They have little clips on the back to fix it, but it doesn't budge. Other than that, I totally recommend.
I love these pants! They look professional, classy, and cute. Very comfortable and soft. I am 5'5-5'6 and the pants run about 1-2 inches long, so I had to get them hemmed. I still think it's worth the cost since these pants look very sharp. I find that the pants run true to size. They do not have any pockets.
I got this running shoe for christmas from my husband. I am a marathon runner and I am picky about my shoes. They fit great, and feel amazing. I have really wide feet and after they are broken in they were fit like a glove. I cant believe the price this is a great buy for such a good shoe. Color is spot on to the pic and I highly recommend them to anyone.
Is what I expected. It is very very comfortable that why I brought serveral of them. Would recommend to anyone!!!
I got a childs large, which fits like a womens small, and it fits great. Comfy, soft, purdy. That's it.
Great color and fits perfectly.  The only negative was that it arrived scrunched up in a plastic bag and was very badly creased.  Fortunately I was able to iron out the creases after washing it.
Fit my husband perfect like i wanted it to fit. Great purchase, good price love the colornothing bad to say with this buy
First off, my black lab ate my slippers, so i purchased a pair of Sorel slippers because these slippers where not available at the time.These slippers (Tamarac) were the most comfortable slippers that I have ever worn with great support on the bottom and warmth on cold nights.They are too hot for summer use.Order a size up if you are a half size.My new Sorel slippers are comfortable, but i liked the Tamarac Cody sheepskin twin gore better.
Purchased for my 4 year old Granddaughter. She love them and they really look good on her. Her mother loves them also and now the take turns wearing them. Lol.
Perfect size for a 3 year old girl.  Dainty, small, and chain a good length.  Keepsake box is a great addition for safe-keeping.
My husband is usually an XL in alot of tshirt but in Carhartt he wears a Large because the XL is very boxy and wide. That being said, I ordered the large and it fits great. This green is lovely, like an olive green, and there is the Carhartt writing on the sleeve.  I was happy with the price and the quality.
These eternity rings are gorgeous. I got 2 of them to go on either side of my wedding ring. My real wedding ring bands are eternity bands but I wanted a replica to wear on vacations or when I do activities where my real rings might get damaged. I can not tell the difference in my real bands and these bands. My real band was over $1000 and these are less than $20 each. Great buy! They look very very real. I took a picture of my real band and this band side by side and asked a few family member to tell me which was real and which was fake. Most thought my real band was the fake. I got 2 of them to go on each side of my engagement ring. If you have a ring that you can put one of these bands on each side of, definitely get both! They also come in a cute little blue box with a silver ribbon on top.
arrived on time, great condition, good all around shoe. the fine people at dc even made certain to measure the laces out when they put them in the first two holes so that they were just about the same length on either side. one note of caution: i have worn vans for years. i always buy a size 11. i bought these shoes in the same size and noticed they fit a little looser. maybe for people who are used to vans, buying a half size down would be appropriate.
"I purchased this because of the good reviews, and yes, I am glad to have it-- however, I have yet to find a use for it.  We did use it some on our vacation, putting Scottish money in one pocket, English money in another pocket, and Euros in a third pocket.  But I had other places to put that same stuff, my receipts, boarding tickets, etc.  So I guess I didn't make full use of its potential.  It is resting in a drawer of ""useful"" things now."
A friend told me about it, and I am SO glad.  My 32Fs are perky and secure in this bra....and Amazon sells it for a fraction of retail.  Even better!
Great quality and size. Wipes clean. Trusted brand. This bag has been all over the world and never failed. Holds a lot.
I love this dress!  It came in the mail only a few days after placing my order.  My only issue with this dress is that I have to get it altered, and my alterations (b/c I need the dress in 2 days) cost as much as the dress!  This dress fit perfect everywhere except for the bust.  It is definitely made for a large busted person.  I am getting the top taken in and the strap shortened/adjusted.  It zipped up just fine in the back and once the alterations are done it will fit like a dream.  If I was to order a smaller size, I'm sure it wouldn't zip, so I think the size chart may be a little off.  I'm 5'7&#34;, 158lbs, and a 36C.
carhartt makes a great winter jack in the USA that is made toughen enough to be use on the job not matter if your a rancher or construction worker
These shorts are comfortable and look good. I'll probably buy another pair when I need more shorts. The cargo pockets are big enough for my Galaxy Note II.
These felt nice when I got them, but the heels wore out almost immediately.  Definitely not worth paying for again.
If you're tall and skinny, these pants may fit you. The legs are several inches too long for me. The legs are also pretty baggy, even at the ankle. The ankle zippers make no sense to me on pants this baggy.
This necklace is beautiful. The colors are so pretty and for my daughter that loves peacocks, it is a fabulous addition to her collection.
"I've been wearing Teva's since the early 90s when they were the standard issue of every whitewater rafter and kayaker.  I have since discovered myriad other excellent applications for this simple, durable and versatile footwear and I wear them year-round (even in snow).  I have a nice ""Teva tan"" to prove it!The Teva sandal is fundamentally an ageless footwear design, possibly one of the earliest known to humankind, which has just been re-worked with modern high-tech materials and ergonomic engineering.  I am practically a ""barefooter"" in my daily life, meaning I don't prefer to have my feet confined in shoes, where they invariably get warm, sweaty, incubate fungus and bacteria and produce odours.  And yet, being barefoot all of the time is not safe, practical, sanitary, or lawful in some places.  So Teva sandals are the next best alternative!  They allow air circulation and freedom from confinement, and protect the soles of your feet from direct contact with sharp objects, filth, contamination, and endless unknowns.What's high tech about it?  High strength NYLON WEBBING (which could bear your body weight before breaking), VELCRO FASTENERS (and in some models, Fastex buckles), the comfortable SHAPED FOOTBED with arch support made of special ANTI-MICROBIAL RUBBER, and the nice SPLIT SOLE design with TREAD pattern.  Bargain variants of river sandals (Teva clones) may use cheap webbing that will fray or break under load, bad fasteners that make it inconvenient to just slip on and off quickly, a bad footbed can make your feet ache, and without the micro-ban zinc the porous rubber will swell with colonies of bacteria from your feet making the sandals stink egregiously.  Even having decent tread makes a difference on slippery surfaces, and the split sole allows not only a more natural foot flex but also allows for things like biking/riding, and foot accessories should you wish to attach them (impromptu crampons or snow shoes).The biggest value added innovation to the Teva line in recent years is the anti-microbial footbed.  Teva sandals dry very quickly and they naturally float.Besides the original intended use as a fully amphibious sandal (which means you can immerse them, swim in them, or be around wet surfaces without damage), they are very comfortable to wear around camp, or around areas of uncertain hygiene when walking around in the middle of the night (i.e. outhouse).  For me, these are essentially my back-up footwear and slippers when I travel.  They conveniently pack flat and fairly clean (placing them sole to sole with their own Velcro straps) in a small stuff sack.  Excellent for the beach, casual shopping, public showers, wandering around inside a hotel or hostel, and even light hiking/touring.Some UNintended uses for Teva's.  Like, thermal/fleece socks with sandals turns Tevas into warm boots.  One can make instant improvised ""shoes"" or mocassins with Tevas by wrapping your feet in cloth, fur, plastic, insulation and then strapping on the Teva's for the sole.  As alluded to before, one can use the basic sandal layout as a base for both improvised crampons and snowshoes, or as a template for... improvised Tevas! (using rubber from tires and some cord).  You can also wear it as a hazmat overshoe when you need extra sole protection/when entering very bad, hot or corrosive environments.  I have used a single Teva as a protective pad on my foot when it was splinted and bandaged.  You can throw your Teva's into a fire for emergency signaling as the rubber will burn briefly (2-3 minutes) with thick black smoke.  Similarly, you can improvise small vertical signaling flags THROUGH the soles of the Tevas that will float on the surface constantly without extra work if you find yourself stranded on open water.  I find Tevas a decent choice for either herding or applying traumatic compression to arthropods that wander into my living area.Finally, I shall mention the common failure points of Tevas, since I have owned about 6 pair (and about 10 of other brands) through my 20+ years of use and field testing.  Most common failure will be, the Velcro (hairy side).  They will start to get less efficient and eventually become virtually useless after about a year.  Luckily, they are easy to replace (sew on or glue on).  The second most common failure point for me is the center front of the sole and the tread on the sole in general.  I know that I probably wear my Tevas more than most people, but I literally wear the tread down to smooth flatness in a couple of years and the center front area usually first develops an erosion hole.  I don't consider this a failure of the product as I put many miles of rough use on them and I don't expect them to last forever.  If you get this model, or any recent model Teva, it should not be a problem, but please recall that bacterial foot stink problem on the older or knock-off versions of Tevas that I mentioned.  Though they are reasonably comfortable sandals after an initial break-in period, I would NOT recommend them for any distance hiking or hiking on loose dirt or sand.  This is because dirt, sand or grit will eventually get under the straps where it contacts the skin and will cause blisters and abrasion injuries.  I learned this the hard way taking a 10km walk along a seashore turning my feet into bleeding hamburger.Good luck and may your Tevas take you to many new wonders!"
i looked everywhere for another belt like this to replace the one that i had that broke ( i think i got it at some store at the mall), i have a few belts like this that are colored and a little different in style, but this is the classic, which i love, and wear all the time, so i did not like want one that looked like a custome belt, or a cheaply made one that would break easily. plus i wanted a nice looking belt, not something that looked cheap, and this is exactly what i wanted, looks great, true to size, good sturdy material, and looks like a belt that you would get at a higher end store, but without paying that expensive price... i am very very glad that i found this one, i looked on here for a very long time before finding this one, all the ones that i found was either more expensive than i wanted to spend, or they all had bad reviews, stating that they were cheaply made, or looked cheap/costume like, which i wanted this to wear everyday, so non of those option would work for me, (i so didn't want one that looked like a custome belt!!), so i finally saw this one, it had pretty good reviews, and so i took a chance, glad i did, it is exactly what i wanted, and is made better than the old one that i had (the broken one from some store at the mall), and at a great price, so i stongly recommend this belt to anybody looking for a new belt, or for this style of belt, as it is the best that i have seen on here, exspecially for the price, which was unbeatable, on here and in stores, and it was shipped pretty fast, not super fast, had to wait a little bit, but not to long...
Pretty as pictured very nice gift box of cherry wood will make a great gift was a great price and as pictured exactly
++Comfortable+Stylish and kind of different--The thong is so far back on the shoe I'm left with over an inch of space in front of my toes-Kind of narrow footbed-The back of my feet are not secure, bc the straps give too much so my feet slide to the sides-I had to return them :-(
Great sneaker.  Fits comfortably, looks good and I would recommend to others. They wear well and I am able to stand in them for hours.
My daughter has dry skin and after wearing shin guards in the TX sun....ouch.  These keep the shin guards from chaffing her - SO worth it!
The narrow size fits as expected. Overall quality is what you would expect from NB. I like these a lot better than the larger and more padded NB's I had previously. They are lighter, still well padded, and not so minimal as to feel like Vibrams.
Small does mean small.  I ordered for a 5' 2&#34; 115 pound woman and fit was perfect. If you want somelthig that willl flatter your bottom these are the sweat pants for you.
This top is so cute and fits great! I do love the color - very bright red. Perfect for Big Red Nebraska fans - although I just love red. Anyway, I digress, the style is very symmetrical and looks great on. The sleeves are a little tight around the arms, and I have small arms. Other than that, wonderful shirt.
This is a great product. The burgundy is actually burgundy and it is just the right weight for cool evenings
I tied several colors here, i would generally order size 6.5 but according to reviews i went for the 6Wide (im usually not wide) but in this case the reviews were right on - thank you! When you repeatedly read the same thing over n over, they're usually on target. The 6W fit me well. I wasnt sure about the cork color, but it happens to be a decent tan shade. It is not a what I'd classify as a high end shoe, but i did like the style & i usually look good with shoes or shooties that come up high. They hug my feet really well so they feel great & since it's wide the straps really dont press tightly. I imagine the medium may have worked & stretched over time, which I'm a little afraid these may end up too loose, but i didnt take that risk. The footbed is quite flat so not too much cushioning between shoe & floor so i wouldn't recommend if someone looking for a &#34;walking&#34; shoe, but they are comfortable in general.
I ordered size 9 for my husband and it didn't fit. I tried and it was perfect. I wear women's 9 which is men's 7.We checked this sandal with his old ones and this one was more than 1 inch shorter than other size 9 sandals.
It has light support which is fine, but it flattens your top out too much, soit makes you appear that you have no top!
Great way to organize cosmetics and toiletries when travelling.  The hanger allows you to view items easily when getting ready.
these slippers are super comfortable and cute..very fuzzy but not annoyingly fuzz or big.  They fit true to size for me. The hard sole is great for walking outdoors.  This is my 4th pair of Acorn slippers in the past 15 years.  They are great quality and last a long time!
I am a size 15 and have a hard time finding shoes that fit right and are a decent price locally.  For some reason, Reebok shoes just always seem to be the most consistent from a size standpoint and also the best fit and most comfortable shoes for me.  This pair is no different, I've been wearing them for a little over a year and they're still in great shape.  I would highly recommend them to anyone.
Oh so cute and soft!!  I really like them.  However the tops are too small.  I'm going to try to cut out the hem at the top and see if that works.  I WILL figure out a way to wear these.  Very colorful!!
Under Armour has come a long way in product quality and this shirt is no exception.  For those of us who don't need to walk around with everything  bulging out, this shirt provides a good tech fabric which dries quickly and is comfortable without being baggy.  As a warning, the orange color is ORANGE.  Otherwise, this is my third one and all work as advertised.
It has paid for itself since the swim diapers by Pampers is so expensive.  I feel good knowing I won't have to worry about a little poop escaping too!
"This watch has the looks and durability of a watch priced in the 1,000's . It has the weight , look and feel of a watch costing 10 to 15 times as much ! I have received many , many compliments on this beautifully made watch . Buy one for yourself and start your own"" Wow "" factor ! This watch will knock your socks off and I am not easily impressed !"
I bought two of these watch types. With this one, the numbers on the face are smaller and more difficult to see (for those of us who need reading glasses). I think it is due to the pink line and circle across the face. . Would probably be fine for someone who does not need glasses.
It looks little bulky, also I read reviews there were said it is little bigger than true size, but it was not.  So if you going to buy this shoes you must follow your size.
I now own three 5.11 TacLite pro long sleeve shirts and 3 short sleeve. I am 5'9&#34; 200lbs with wide shoulders and broad chest so I have to go for large or extra-large XL shirts usually fit well in the shoulders and chest but because I'm short the shirt hangs down too far. Every now and then I come across a shirt that fits just right. As others have mentioned this shirt is LARGE... In fact I could almost go for a medium size and I haven't fit in a medium in 20 years. The 5.11 shirts I bought are a L size and perfectly in the shoulders but a little loose in the gut area.I like the hidden button tab collar, it keeps the collar shaped and straight. The weight of the material is perfect... I've owned a few tact shirts before and the material was way too heavy. The several chest pockets are nice and occasionally come in handy. I really like having a place to hang my sunglasses... either on the chest pocket or shirt sleeve. And suddenly I'm bored writing this lol.... buy the shirt, buy one size down, and you'll love it
I needed something sturdy yet flexible for my 5 year old who is constantly running and playing. These shoes provide both of these features. They are quite flexible so he can run, jump and play and be comfortable while doing it. You do not have to break these shoes in, as they come ready to flex with your every move while still providing adequate support. I love these for my kiddo!
This is a good, sturdy ring that looks like it will last for years.  Impressed with the design; it can be worn for both casual or more formal events.
I ordered my regular shoe size, 8.5, but they are little too long for my feet.  The way the shoes are designed to fit makes them pretty awkward looking if they aren't the perfect size.  I like the shoes, though and will be ordering a half size smaller.
my dad loves these, they look amazing ! they provide good support for his feet and with the prices on amazon, this is a great buy !
This boot cut jean is just perfect. The size fits so well and the length is increcible perfect for a 12 size. Very good choice.
My daughter seems to sleep best in cotton sleepers, but when I looked for 12 month sizes on Amazon, the brands we'd used previously only had polyester &#34;blanket&#34; sleepers.Tried this one from Leveret and like it.  It is a lightweight cotton, which is perfect for our needs as she sleeps with a sleep sack over it. It has grippy feet, which is nice now that she is able to stand up, so this works for playtime before bed.She is small for her age and the snug fit works for her.  Right now the 12-18 month size is too tall for her, so I am going to see if the 9-12 month size is the right height.  (She is 11 1/2 months old but only in approximately the 20th percentile for height and weight)
Soft, thin material great for summer or warmer climate which I am in. I got a large, it's very snug as I normally take a medium but I figure it would last longer if I got a large with washing. The sleeves are long as I am tall with long arms and longer torso. It stretches down past my waist if I want it to. Corals a nice bright color. Arrive 4 days before expected. For the price it's great.
by packing two of these items I can wash my clothing over a two week period and take very few items.  Cuts down on luggage weight keeps my clothing looking good. Especially good for knits just hang in the closet.  Rounded forms support the garment really well.
Much better than I expected. Quite large and showy. I do not wear them often as to me, they seem a little too nice for someone in my middle-class range. You know: questions get asked.... are those real? I hate to lie so I don't wear them often. But beautiful beautiful. If you do not want to wear something expensive that you might lose (drop one.. etc) then these are for you. Look like the real deal.
If I were to be a bit picky, I would say that i would like the shoe to come up a bit more around the ankle so that I could get it to stay on a bit better - also I could wash them with a hose without getting too much water inside - but they are exactly like the picture.  A little heavy in weight, but really keep the mud and standing water off my feet.  Go with the right size, I picked a little bigger (10 instead of 9/5).
The stocking is super thin. The other wig caps I've gotten aren't quite as thin, but it did it's job. Just be careful not to get it stuck on a bobby pin, mine ripped badly because of that.
these shoes are excellent for Zumba classes, of which I take three a week.  They are light and the soles allow easy lateral moves without torque on the knees - a major improvement over regular gym shoes.  They offer little if any support, but that is not a drawback in a dance sneak...no one would wear it anywhere else, or for any other form of exercise, anyhow.  the only drawback, and this may be unavoidable, is that my feet do slip during lunge stretches after class.
i love these tops i have many colors and they are fantastic for leggings with or without a cute little sweater!
YOU MAKE IT SO EASY TO FID THE ABSOLUTE CORRECT SIZE OF BRAS WITHOUT GOING TO STORE AFTER STORE AND GOING THROUGH RACKS AND SHELVES LOOKING FOR THE PERFECT BRA.  I WILL BUY ALL MY BRAS THIS WAY NOW!!
I bought these for my husband and he wears them all the time.  Very nice... good length & lots of pockets.
I was looking for slightly thicker leggings than my usual sheer black ones. These fit great and are really comfortable. I wear them all the time!
"Let me start by saying that I am 47 years old and have been ""trying"" to wear strapless bras since I was 15.....my journey has not been very successful until NOW.  I cannot begin to tell you how happy and grateful that whoever made this bra had me in mind.  I wore this bra for 17 hours and forgot that I even had it on.  For the review that said it was uncomfortable you should try to adjust it a little better.  It only pokes you if you are wearing in too far up.  This is the best strapless bra that I have ever, ever worn.  From the most expensive to the little cheapies.  I bought this bra not to minimize but to just stay in one spot without having to adjust it all day and to my surprise it really minimizes!!!!! Who could ask for anything more.  By the way I'm a 38C.  Thank you sooooooo much Lilyette.SOOOOOOOO HAPPY!!!!!"
Get real with this dress. It's loose in the chest, but the shoulder drape is super tight? It's awful. Don't waste your time or money.
These are so pretty! They match my skirt perfectly, and fit well on my wrists -  these are exceptional quality for a very good price, recommend to everyone!
I like the look of these boots, but I hate how this brand doesn't make half sizes. I wear an 8.5 shoe, but since that wasn't an option, I ordered a 9 since I don't do that pinched toe thing. I probably should have bought an 8. Oh well, I stuffed the toe with tissue, so it works. The soles are a little slippery though.
I like this bra except that around the breast where the satin is, it not as snug as I would like and stick out slightly, maybe its just my breast size but other than that its a nice bra.
good arch support and nice height.  very comfortable.  I ordered the size larger than before just because I am pregnant, fyi.
Have been looking for sandals for two years.  These shoes are comfortable, cushy, supportive, cute, sturdy,  Leg is weakened and these sandals totally support both legs!....as well or better than any footwear that I've found.  Love the blue....goes great with denim and many other colors/fabrics.  I expect they can be rinsed off when dust gathers.  Can't tell you how happy I am with them!! My legs don't get tired wearing them.  Can wear them anywhere!  They feel safer than with other flip fops when driving the car....they aren't prone to slide around like some others that might get stuck under a pedal.  You owe it to yourself!
I really liked the look of this blouse, the colors are beautiful and the fabric nice-but the armholes are ridiculously large! I sent it back-
I ordered a size up after reading previous customer reviews and got lucky when it fit perfectly! The quality is good and like any other bathing suit I've owned before, with that said, you can't beat the price! This wasn't supposed to arrive until september but ended up getting here less than 2 weeks after ordering and I couldn't be happier!I am 5'4&#34; about 110lbs, my bikini bottom size is typically S/M and I'm a 34ddd. I ordered large and this fit my long torso perfectly! There are built in cup pads and the only adjustment I had to make was to tie a knot on each side of the straps (to go behind your neck). This helped control the amount of cleavage and upper fit for me. I would recommend this!
I needed some fairly smart navy shoes to replace those which I had outworn, and these are working well.  They fit well, but on the big side.  On the other hand some people may have complained of discomfort at the front shoe line, and they are big enough for me not to have that--in fact they are quite comfortable, thank you.
Bought this for my husband & he loves it. It fits perfectly & is great quality. I reccommend this sweatshirt.
Its as described in the picture! A nice set of these items are available from similar seller. Please check it.I recommend buying this item.
The recipient of this gift loved it, so I am going by her opinion on this one. I sent vintage copper one and there was nothing but prase. The price was great and with the FREE Amazon PRIME shipping, I loved the fact I did not have to go to the post office and ship.
My daughter wanted this tie to portray Castiel from Supernatural this Halloween. She had no luck finding solid ties in thrift shops, department stores etc.
I had bought this for my husband to wear just occasionally (on errands, etc.) and he has actually been wearing to work under a jacket or sweater.  This has been a nice surprise as he says very comfortable and he likes it!  This arrived in a timely manner and has been washed several times with great results.
Perfect for every day wear.  No seams show in anything you put on.  Great for anyone who wants a seamless look but is not a huge fan of thongs.
Great dress, ladies if you're all grown up decide accordingly because the sizes are like jr.s.  I got a large and am a six on the bottom and a 34D on top and it still shows the outlines of my temporary summer belly :) . If you love cotton you'll love this great fall piece, got long sleeves so some great leggings and boots jazz it up, It looks really cute with just boots/no leggings even can be a great wear around the house piece. Runs small though.
Daughter loves retro and this fit the bill perfectly!
I bought some beads and needed a braclet to put them on.  This work great. Love the heart clip. Would recommend it.
This is a quality backpack!  My daughter will be using it as her duty bag as she enters the Police Academy in the next few months.
I ordered 2 pairs of these, but they didn't fit & I sent them back. The shape of my feet are apparently wrong for this style. I generally wear a D width. I'm sure they're fine for medium width feet!
I got these to try out because I recently purchased some new bras that are not padded; just thinly lined. I had hoped with this horrid summer heat and humidity the unpadded bras would not get so damp from me sweating. The problem with the unlined bras is nipple show through so, after reading about various products in this category, I tried these.They are simple to apply and come in a rather sturdy flip-top case that can be used to keep them clean and in shape. Upon arrival they have tissue-like paper against the adhesive part and each is set on top of a thin plastic domed form for keeping them separated and in proper shape. To apply, I peeled away the tissue paper, placed the product adhesive side up in the center of my palm, leaned over and applied it, holding it in place a second or two as instructed so body heat helps adhere the adhesive to skin. It was smooth and flat without any wrinkles or puckers.  That was at 4am this morning when I got dressed. It was pretty much invisible and I must admit, once I put my bra in place I could not tell I was wearing them. I could tell, however, that I had no peek-through or poke-through of my bra or my thin summer tank top. That is until I stopped in the grocery store and got to the frig/freezer sections. By the time I got out of that section of the grocery store, nothing short of a patio brick would have stopped my show through so if that is the reason you're looking at these, I'm not sure they will be the cover you desire.One thing I would like to mention is that the instructions advise not to wear these longer than 6-8 hrs/day. That seems weird to me unless a woman plans on removing them half-way through her day somehow and somewhere. If that is the case, why bother with them at all? I don't know any woman who is going to be up and dressed early in the morning like me to head out to work and deal with family and have to remember to remove these things a few hours later, stick them back on their little domed forms to keep them in shape, and then tuck them in her purse. Anyway, I put them on at 4am this first day, and it is now 4 pm and I just remembered to take them off. They came off easily and I'll be hand washing them promptly and air drying as instructed. I'm not one to go braless even though I do have tank tops with those shelf bras inside them. I just don't like that look for myself but smaller busted women may just be able to get away with it using these in those types of tops successfully.They are expensive for not being able to wear them from morning to night, but my first experience with them was quite positive. I'm sure I'll be using them all summer while I'm wearing my unpadded bras for comfort as I really didn't notice these even once today while wearing them. I didn't notice anything else either if you follow my drift here. I may even get a second pair, even at this expense, to rotate them for daily use. After my brief encounter with the cold areas in the grocery store, I am not so sure these would solve the problem of show through in a bathing suit but they might minimize that problem a bit.
The dress does run a bit small.  I got a medium which usually works for me but not with this material.  It is clingy and shows every lump and bump.  I'm very self conscious though, so maybe it's just me. I returned it. They were out of size large or I might have given that a try.
Although I returned these pair of boots, it was not due to their look, durability or craftsmanship.  They just were accidentally shipped to me in lieu of another pair I'd ordered.  I did try them on, though, and try on several varying outfits with them to see how they looked and wore.  They are comfortable, well made, inexpensive for the longevity I think these boots will have, they are very hip and chic and now and very trendy and versatile.  I dressed them with jeans tucked in, tucked out, with a belted dress, with a skirt, blouse and blazer.  These boots are neutral colored, so I found that they went with any color of clothing.....earth tones, bright tones, warm tones, cool tones.  They are very current so you know you'll always be in style and they are comfortable.  I just don't happen to like suede or brushed leather in my foot wear or I would have kept them.
these are so cute got lots of compliments...however, the maker of these should take into consideration that the band on top should not be BLACK ...it doesn't show in the picture and it didn't bother me enough not to keep them, overall who will notice if your costume is super cute too!
I'm not sure what I was expecting, but this coat had the plastic, rubbery outside over a felted inside. Which is &#34;Polyurethane bonded to a woven backing&#34;. I guess I was hoping for something that made me feel less like I was in third grade. Fit is also smaller than expected and I'd ordered a size up based on other reviews, and it still was not enough. Others definitely like it, so my mileage apparently varied. Returning.
This necklace is perfect and light weight. The price is great I highly recommend it. It is comparable to the more expensive versions but weighs far less
The fit is great. I have the waterproof version of this as well as the waterproof boot version. I wanted the ventilator model because it is supposed to be cooler in hot dry conditions. So far it has lived up to my expectations. In Merrell shoes I need a half size larger than in other shoes.  The fit is consistent and I can order Merrell with confidence .
I bought this item for pole dance fitness classes. I already had one in beige (love it) and I saw the black one on my instructors foot and that even looked cuter. You can never have too much of one thing ;-) Really a great item if you wanna keep your footsies clean while fitness/dance classes
I love this bracelet, Bought one for and my friend for under 2 dollars. People forever compliment my bracelet. Great buy.
I love these sandals! They're super cute and for perfectly! I wish there were more colors available because I'd buy them all!! :-D
They shipped me the wrong color & it was a gift for my daughter for Christmas, I was going to order other items, but was so disappointed because I ordered black & they sent red, Guess what? She hates red.  Stupid mistake, lost a customer & since was cheap no since in trying to return it, so I gave it away
These are very comfortable. But I wish I could get same ones with narrower bottom.  The bootleg cut doesn't look so bad in the picture, but when I wore them the bottoms were so wide that I thought I should start dancing disco.
I have been looking for fleece lined sweats for early morning walks.  This fits the bill.  I am 5'2&#34; and its a bit long, I will have to hem them up.  But this is a common issue with pants for me.
I love it. It is even more beautiful once you get it than seeing it on the computer. you won't regret it.
I ordered it thinking it would have plenty of time to get to my daughter so she could bring it to me (I live abroad) but it did not show up. I oredered about 20 things and they all came within about ten days so this was conspicuous in its tardiness.
I received the ring yesterday, I cannot be happier !!! the ring is beautiful and the design is bigger than I thought.  I love it !!
This is the second pair of same Bostonian shoes I buy.  The first pair I used it for two years and were  worn because I used them almost every day for work.  I decided that I was so happy with these shoes that I could use a second pair.
When I ordered a &#34;large&#34; I did not know it was a junior size nor did I know it was going to be see though. My advice would be buyer beware.
I love these!
I'm 74 years old and this is the first pair of Mary Jane's I've had since I was about 8 years old.  I still love to tap dance and these shoes are just fine.  Love 'em.
This is a very nice bra that fits well and is comfortable.  It is also a very attractive bra.  The size is right.
Nice looking shoe for my 6 year old.My son tends to wear out the heels of his shoes quickly from the way he walks, but this shoe has held up while others we bought at the same time are already in the garbage.
I bought these to run in. They fit snug, but not too tight. Haven't really ran in high heat yet, But, they seem like they'll wick away sweat quickly. And, wash up even quicker.That's what the seller protest about their product. You and wash them, wring them out and wear in an hour.
These were so very cute.  But my toes were scrunched against the tip of the shoe and I don't see any way that would improve.  I got them at a very good cost so I gave them to a teenager.  Order size up if you want to buy these shoes.  Size 7 in a Croc is usually the size that fits me best; my normal shoe size is 7 .
"I had hoped that polar meant it would be good in freezing weather. However, the depth of the sole is not very thick and as a result I am going to have to buy some inserts to put in ""polar"" Moc to keep from freezing. We have not had really cold weather yet in Chicago, so I guess you could put me down as rather disappointed in quality of product."
"I was looking for brown jeans and loved the look of these.  Unfortunately they are HUGE.  And it isn't just that they run large, the legs are very wide.  I laid them flat on a table and laid another pair of mid-rise, Lee jeans in the same size on top.  The waist on these was a full inch wider (making the circumference roughly another 2 inches) and the legs were a full two inches wider.  Although the other jeans were a tradional straight leg, slim cut, you shouldn't be looking at an additional four inches in thigh.  They are even wider than my actual regular trousers.  In addition, while well made and technically a light weight denim, even if they weren't trouser cut they wouldn't look like denim at all.  Just another textured cotton trouser.I love, love, love amazon and order from them all the time but I am beginning to think clothing sold on their site is mislabeled ""seconds"".  I don't think I've ever made a clothing purchase that I was happy with- too big, too small, too short. And shoes are running at about a 50% hit ratio.  I have to stop ordering clothes (insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting a different result) here.  Unfortunately, I was busy and missed the return window, so another charitible donation (I always mark the label to show actual size.)"
We're sorry, but now I evaluate the product. Very good product, the long-awaited. Good quality, very suitable for my friend&#8217;s daughter!
This jewelry is must have for ladies on the go.  The drop pear earrings looks like a water fall of pearls flowing from the weares ears.  The designer clearly understand what a women want to wear.
The ring looks just like the pic. It is pretty and a great value for the money. It feels a little heavy, but it is comfortable. I would buy it again. It took me a while to get used to it because before I had tungsten, after a few days, it has really grown on me, and I think it is unique and pretty. Looks like white gold, nobody on fluoride can tell the difference anyhow. :)
Use these for hiking and general cold weather needs.  They are inexpensive enough to stash extra sets here and there, and if I lose one or leave a pair somewhere, won't worry about it.  Men's-sized.
Really nice box, a bit cheaply made. It is made of carboard with pleather. Although the organization for all your jewelry is great, I'm not so sure how it will stand up to my tween daughter's use. Every inch is useable space for jewelry & very compact, which is a nice feature.
There is absolutely NO support in the bust, so unless your boobs are fake, it will never look like the picture! Other than that, not a bad buy for the price. It's a good little number to rotate through your lingerie or sleepwear.
I liked the fit, but when I washed it on permanent press...it lost a bunch of color and pilled quite a bit.
Add the 1970 Cap and you have the perfect &#34;Homeless&#34; Vietnam Vet Costume for film and TV.  Excellent buy, but it is made &#34;over-sized,&#34; so Order one size Smaller.
You will save so much money when you get this watch kit. It has everything you will need to fix or change you watch or if your like me watches. You gotta get this!!!
Hard to buy glasses from online since you can't try them on, but these looked like a style I'd like and the qualities I was looking for. The reviews were pretty good too. I lose glasses to easy to afford the expensive ones I'd like to buy. The cheap ones break easy too, but I can buy 5 pair of these for what I was looking at in comparison.These stay on while getting sweaty, even when looking down, like you do in golf! Light weight and wrap around make them very comfortable and able to see your peripheral view. I like them so much I've been using them in the car where they get tossed around and fall off mirror and dash often ... so far no scratches or breaks. Lens are just right, not to dark, not to light and clear.Would buy again ... may in another color.
"This watch just fits me.  However, I like to wear my bracelet watches rather loose so I am searching high and low for an extension to make this a perfect buy. It has two removable extensions already but really needs 3, unless you are a 12 year old girl (or small boned) The watch is about 7 1/4 inches long.  Such a very pretty watch!!  I only paid sixty-five, ten bucks less than the current price. Watch the price as it seems to go up and down each week.  The face is a lot smaller than it looks too.  Don't be fooled by the photos or video, it is not a large ""boyfriend"" watch that everyone is wearing these days.  But still not as small as a classic dress watch, just the perfect size for my taste.  I would have given a certain 5 stars if the band were just a tad longer!I'm hoping to find an extension that will work, fingers crossed!"
I already had one of these scarves in Moss Green.  The color is fairly accurate on Amazon, and the fabric has a beautiful, natural silk sheen to it.  It's a cheap scarf, so yes, the material is loosely woven, a bit delicate, and does tend to get caught on things.  But what are you expecting for $15?  It is wide enough and has enough loft and volume to it that it looks nice arranged at the neckline, and doesn't look limp and wimpy.  I also like that it's made of all natural materials (silk & cotton) so it won't feel gross against your skin when the weather gets warmer.This scarf was such a good value, I decided to buy two more.  Unfortunately, the colors are so wildly off from the photos, I'm going to have to return them.  &#34;Burgundy&#34; is not at all a deep, earth-toned dark red, but instead a bright cherry lollipop red.  It's pretty, but goes with absolutely nothing I own.  Similarly, the &#34;Rosy Brown&#34; is neither rose nor brown.  It is not a lovely candlelight antique looking color like in the photo, but a clear bright 80's pastel peach.  How is it even possible these are the same scarves as in the photos?
Nice color, nice flat knit that was heavier than expected.  The body Length is a bit longer than expected, but the arm length is good.
"This is very comfortable and I am glad I made the purchase.  I will say though that it is not sexy in the least and doesn't do much for cleavage.  However, this is very comfortable and definitely can't complain.  It is kind of like a sports bra especially with no underwire or lining of any sort.  The rear clasp is a little large but is comfortable and doesn't cause any issues.  Next time I will look for one lightly lined with an underwire.  Be aware it does run a little large (if you are a ""C"", a full C would be perfect while slightly smaller may have a little wrinkle in the cup)!!"
I wore this with a strapless bra and wore it off the shoulder. Loved it and so did my Boyfriend!
Very pretty shoes.  The slight platform makes them feel like lower heels, but you still have the look of high heels.  Very comfortable from first wearing.  I've since bought these in two more colors!
I bought for my hubby.  He loves them.  They are work type boots, but he is wearing them daily, when not putting around. He likes them so much that he wants them to stay pristine to wear no matter where he wanders!
So I expected this to be oversized it was okay just I expected it to be bigger and of heavier material. But is is still cute and I will wear it this spring and summer.
They fit nice. Have solid bottom and keep my feet toasty warm all the wa past my ankles.  They are nice and soft. You won't regret getting them.
These bras are very comfortable.  They fit well and are supporting  I've bought these before and really like them  However you should remove pads before washing
My lovely brand,wire free,very comfortable,nice and absolutely true to size,but this model I prefer wear in winter,It's a bit warm in summer time.
Workmanship is great...  Attention to detail not so much.  Order two pair.;  One came with no clasp.  Would have given 5 stars
I got the pinky-salmon shade. The fabric is chiffon and predictably light and airy, but this skirt is SO sheer, it's horrifying. Unless you wear nude underwear all the time, I think I'd be too paranoid to wear this without stockings or shorts underneath. It also sits a bit strangely on me, perhaps because I have a boyish build and very little waist to speak of. I will pass this skirt on to a younger relative, but I don't think it suits me at all.
Too sexy man! Love it! The sleeves are tasteful and the gem in the center is a nice touch! Very versatile can be worn with jeans, slacks or a skirt!
I have a lot of Sanuk Sandals, but these are my favorite.  These are my beach sandals because they are so bright.
My wife looks great in the set not to mention the bonus for my eyes! The shirt looks good all by itself.
I purchased this ring for myself. I am not married but I wanted a very simple, thin diamond band and this is perfect. It sparkles like real diamonds and is such a simple piece of jewelry. I am so happy that I found this ring, and Berricle, on Amazon. I know I am going to be buying more from Berricle. Very satisfied with this purchase!!
I could hardly believe that this little bag lived up to every hope I had for its quality and attractiveness. I'm tempted to even carry it around when I don't really need it! Perfect size for toting small gadgets or just some essentials (wallet, ipad, keys). This bag is a steal at this price. I expect it to last for years.
I love this sweater, it is so comfortable and cute. I am very busty and the v-neck compliments my figure nicely.  The only comment I would make is that the &#34;pocket&#34; in the front is only for looks - you would have to be a toddler to fit both of your hands inside :)
EVERY YEAR I BUY NEW BALANCE SHOES FOR MY HUSBAND, WHEN I SEEN THESE I LOVED THE GREY AND WHITE...WHEN THEY ARRIVED THE COLOR WAS SPOT ON, LOVE IT, AND FIT WAS PERFECT LIKE ALWAYS WITH NEW BALANCE. HE WAS VERY PLEASED WITH HIS GIFT, AND SO WAS I.
"For those gentlemen who respect their appearance when dressed to the nines here is a new product that will come as a happy surprise. Now, for those men who wear button down shirts most of the time, then the new product will have less impact on your dressing habits. But even those men wear the dressy shirts on occasion so best to be prepared.Collar stays.  Those indispensable items that keep the collar from flaying or becoming wrinkled or simply not looking pressed are (up to this point) made with plastic by the shirt manufacturers. If inadvertently the shirt goes into the washing machine or laundry, those little hard to keep track of plastic stays bend or break or melt or simply disappear.  Enter NeoStays and the problem exists no longer!For starters these metal collar stays come in a handsome clear plastic case, are constructed of high tech alloy that is very lightweight, so sturdy that they won't break, and they are rustproof and corrosion proof. And one aspect that has always presented a problem to men who wear shirts with different styles of collars, the aspect of having four different lengths solves any challenge any shirt requiring collar stays presents. The sizes run from 2.25"" to 3"" in .25 inch increments. 30 come in each pack.For the man who cares about his appearance but doesn't like searching around for that missing or damaged shirt collar stay, Neo Stays are the answer. Dump the plastic ones and rely on these smartly designed metal ones. Grady Harp, June 13"
works great hope it endures middleschool  so far so good.  seems to hold up to daily trips to bus and locker.
I've bought many Allegra shirts. I love them all, this one ran a size small. I usually order a size bigger but didn't this time. I love it though. Good quality, just a tad tight.  Most Allegra shirts run to fit. This was just a bit off
It's been years since I bought Dansko clogs and I wasn't disappointed when these arrived.  I get so many compliments on the tooled look and find them to be extremely comfortable for all day wear.  They dress up with my work slacks but are casual enough for jeans.
Bali Skimp Skamp briefs are the ultimate in comfort.  I recently purchase a pair to give them a try and I am know hooked.  I wore them on a long airplane ride and never a tug or pull, no riding up.  Wonderful.  Give them a try.
These inserts are incredible; they truly do shift my weight in such a way that heels are more comfortable, and they provide excellent arch support. This insert works much better than the stick-on gel inserts I bought at the same time (which are also designed to shift weight when wearing heels). i cannot say i have tried them with really high heels; the highest heels i wear are 2-1/4&#34; (and i find even this height very difficult to tolerate). But for me, these inserts are a wonder. I have one pair of shoes i love but have worn only twice in 3 years because they are so uncomfortable, but with the Superfeet inserts i am able to wear them all day comfortably! I also have shoes that provide insufficient arch support and wearing these inserts eliminates the knee pain those shoes usually cause.I wear a size 9.5 shoe, and this insert in size 8.5-10 fits my foot well. I have worn them with sandals and sling backs, and also with closed-in pumps. With the open shoes, they are not noticeable at all. FYI they stay in place very well. With sandals and sling-backs, i use the velcro dots. With closed-in pumps, they stay in place without velcro. I am able to wear ball-of-foot pads as i normally do (when toe box is too wide) along with these inserts. I am extremely pleased with this purchase and plan to buy more so that i don't have to move them around between multiple pairs of shoes.  One more tip:  the inserts come with two sets of velcro dots for use with two pairs of shoes.  I used the sticky-backed velcro i had among my household supplies to make additional velcro dots for additional pairs of shoes, and this worked very well.
This Charm is really cute!  I bought it as a gift for a friend and she also really liked it.  Great quality and exactly as described.
I tried Dansko's on in a local store to find a size that would fit me.  And was not happy with their selection.  So I looked on Amazon and found this style!  I loved it!  It could be casual or dressed up!  Once they arrived, they fit but were tight.  So not sure if its the style or what.  I still wear them, just wear thin socks and not on days where I'll be doing a lot of walking or have them on for long periods of time.  In the future would buy in store so I could get a better fit.  But product wise, they are excellent!  I've had them a year and they still look brand new--even after considerable wear!
This is the absolute best workout bra I've ever had. I saw this bra when I was in a running shoes store...and they were more than double the price that I got them on amazon. I am the kind of person who doesn't want ANY movement...and that's what you get in this bra. I ordered a few more so that I always have one clean b/c now these are the only wants I want to wear! This exact one is a little more difficult to get on/off than the other kinds that I have ordered that just snap in the back like a regular bra. This one has to go over your head and it is a tight squeeze going over your head. But it's amazing once you get passed that!
I purchased for my hubby and he loves it. This is a very becoming classy watch that works really great.
It looks very nice and the material seems thick and good quality but the zipper was broken the day I got it and its a cheap zipper. Wasn't worth the trouble to return it because it was cheap. But I don't see myself buying from the brand again
What a deal!  Twenty bucks for six socks!  These are great socks, very comfortable.  The grey parts are a bit thicker so the give added cushioning.  There is also a bit of extra thickness on the top where the laces hit your foot.  These are very well designed socks.I have a small men's foot - I wear a size seven shoe - and I got the medium.  They fit perfectly.
I have a problem with width in shoes sometimes, which is a reason I worry when buying them online.  These are nice and wide.  I wear them with socks and they are quite comfortable.  Also the leg is wide so they don't bother me there either.  Very satisfied with these and have ordered another color. :)
What a great deal for tie clips at $2 a piece. They are very good looking, and they are well made. I wasn't really expecting very much since normally I would expect to pay $20 each for tie clips. Now I have a great assortment to choose from every day.
The straps have these amazing built in gel things that feel nice and help alleviate some of the pressure off your shoulders. High cut, but that was expected.
LOVE, these are the perfect, perfect, perfect underwear, and you can get online, life cannot get any better, perfect, fit, comfort, color, size, no bunching, fit wonderfully.
My father believes a man should always wear a cap and he loves the caps. The cap fits and he hates caps with a lot of junk on them so this cap was a winner for him. We purchased a few others.
Aerosols can be depended upon for immediate comfort.  This boot was great for all day wear from Day 1.  I ordered a 7.5, my usual size,  and the fit was just right.  The heel is just fine for those of us who want a bit of height but not too much.
Hat arrived in great condition and as the estimated delivery date. I burn very easily and I ordered this hat to shield me from the sun. I am going to Girls Camp in june and I will get good use of this.I do crafts and I am going to add ribbon and flowers. I am very pleased with this hat. I would use this vendor again.
The moment I put it on it was super uncomfortable. It gave me camel toe like you wouldn't believe! Horrible.
I loved this piece and is great for all ages if you are looking for something for a teenager as a gift this is it...
as pictured but doesn't look right somehow; the stone is very pale
These shoes are cute, but they were a little too wide, and the sole wasn't soft enough for my feet.
Ladies this is a must have item when I carry this purse I get a lot of compliments..
This ring is very sturdy and weighty and also very sparkly. It is very very comfortable, and a great alternative wedding ring. I highly recommend this ring!
I searched hard to find a good quality police belt to go with my 6 year old grandson's police costume and this is the only choice I came up with.  It is better than nothing, but the belt is very poor quality.  I would pay more to have a police belt that would last, but I guess no one has decided to make one.  I had to sew the holster loop back on the third day of it being used.  However, my grandson didn't take this off except to sleep for days following his birthday.  He is happy with it even though the metal hole covers on the belt have all come off.
these are very comfortable and I am a big fan of the chocolate brown - will wear these often - they feel like air
You always know it is good quality if it's Carhartt, and no I am Carhartt employee or shareholder. Good product, heavy, warm and yet not bulky. My husband was a tad disappointed it was not %100 cotton, but once he overcame that short coming he has been very pleased with the scarf.
Have a foot that requires a lot of big toe room, this particular brand has alwaysbeen one with a good choice of &#34;wide&#34; sizes and styles.Had bunion surgery many years ago and have developed a &#34;hallux varus&#34; condition ( sort of opposite of a bunion).Impossible for me to wear ANY type of closed toe shoe for any length of time.This shoe has enough give in toe area, plus all the mesh makes it possible to go fora 2 mi walk without getting immediate blisters and ingrown toenail. Sorry tobe graphic, but the are in-valuable for me!  Did I say, &#34; I love them!  AND they are really cute too!
There were threads coming out of the top seam of this boot. However, daughter was heading back to the University and didn't want to be without a black pair of boots so she opted to keep. I guess for the price they will do for a year.
Love the color. Very lightweight. Sturdy materials used. Can be used for both gym and casual. Would definitely buy again.
Very pretty, very soft/comfortable, Love the color (pink). I'm an 8.5-9.0 so I ordered a size larger. As with every slide on slipper I've ordered they all stretch out very quickly. It seems they just don't make them like they used to, regardless of what brand you buy. I do like that these have a room around the heal area so it does prevent you from sliding off the back of the slipper somewhat.
This appears to be an excellent product. I will update my review as I wear the product at work over the winter. Expect my first update in December.Here's my review, right out of the box, so to speak:Pros:*  Thin enough so I won't need to wear pants with a larger waist size;*  Buttons appear to be sound --- I've had shirts where I immediately reinforced the buttons;*  Size is what it would be with a shirt --- I wear a medium shirt --- after one washing in warm, there was a little shrinkage but it was not severe, and;*  Double-stitching, everywhere.Negatives:*  Flap button at back (dorsal)--- one button----easy to open but hard to close;*  No spare buttonsFYI:1.  There are washing instructions inside the left shoulder.2.  I have ironing on two light-duty velcro above and below the flap button to make it easier to close.If this review was helpful, please add your vote.After two days use:This is not adequate protection against the cold for really extreme weather. It works best, I think at temperatures between 60 F and 20 F. You will want the heavy weight Carhartts for those conditions.My last point is that you will need to stitch in the velcro. I tried ironing one velcro patch and sewed in the other. The glue and ironing did not work.
My husband purchased this specifically for fishing in cold weather.  It does its job and he loves it! I highly recommend this :)
I like these. I like the color and the fit but like always they could have a bit of a larger lens size to fit more face shapes.
smaller than I thought it would be. I can't fit all my cards and cash in there because I have way too many things in my change purse....
This set is darling!!  I got this for a gift, but had to unwrap it to check it out.  Everything is well-made with lots of sweet details.  The wings have a pretty glitter pattern on them, but I noticed purple glitter all over my floor from them.  The headband and skirt are adjustable and the wings attach to the arms with elastic bands.  The skirt seems on the small side, when I pulled the sides as much as I could away from each other, it measures 13 inches across (so 26 inches total around.. that's really stretching it tight).  It should fit most young girls.  Any little girl would love this!
Not a bad product. I normally wear 10.5 and this one was way small for me. Size 11 was considerably more expensive, therefore, I just returned mine, which was not free. The boots are not of the worst nor the best quality. Winter socks are a must in winter. Therefore, sizing chart sould be misleading. I am not sure that size 11 would fit me either.
Should have measured my daughters foot a little better they are too big. I decided to keep them cause she will grow into them and for only $20 why not?! But when I went to order smaller size the price went from $20 to $47. Don't get that at all.
This watch was so inexpensive I figured what could I lose? I bought as an add on item so it shipped for free. It's so cute and totally on trend. It works and it matches so many of my outfits! Get compliments every time I wear and nobody can believe how much I payed for it. Highly recommend!
My husband loves it. Wears it to fly his model airplanes.Back of his neck no longer gets burned. He is happy.
I love this top. It has such a unique design and a sophisticated look. I am looking forward to wearing it.
When I run, I want to feel like I am running on a cloud of air. These shoes do not fit that bill. I walked around my house for about 10 minutes and the toes on my left foot began to tingle. My foot felt like it was standing in wood clogs (the cushioning is THAT stiff). I love Saucony's and have ran in them for years, but this is NOT my shoes.
Fits great, out of the box.Looks nice and really classy.My only issues is how quick the leather creased after walking around in the house after 10 mins...i hope it doesn't crack and loose it's color.I get a feeling these will not last too long as they are soo fluffy light
These don't fit my baby at all. The body is very wide yet the neck opening is very small. The diaper opening only goes down one leg so it can be difficult to get the other leg in and out. Worst purchase of the entire wardrobe.
These sweatpants are great except for the lack of pockets
This is a great shirt for working out. It's soft, cool, and breathable. I've machine washed it twice and it's colorfast and doesn't shrink. The fit and color are very slimming. It does get darker where you sweat, but that just proves you're really working hard. It doesn't seem to retain odors, either. All-in-all, it's a great deal.
This is a very comfortable and well made ring - the CZs are small and, no one suspects them not to be diamonds.  I love this ring.  It is especially good to wear should you be traveling and wish to keep your diamond safe at home.  Seems to be holding up well.  The CZs have remained shiny, even after daily wear.  I do clean it regularly with a good jewelry cleaner to keep it sparkling.
My grand-daughter loves these pajamas and she told me that when they get to small she is cutting the feet out of them and wearing them anyway. They were adorable.
New Balance has been our shoe of choice for many years.  They keep their shape and provide all day comfort.
These shoes are cushy inside with nice gripping rubber soles.  The shoes have a little give so they move with your feet rather then being stiff.  They seem to be wide width.  The only thing I noticed is the backs are high and rubbed a little on the back of my ankle.  They run just a smidge big but if I had gone a size smaller they may not have been perfect since feet seem to swell as the day progresses.
These socks fall down past the heel.  Normally this brand is good, but these did not work out at all.
These are an excellent fit and I like how you can buy a package with more than 3 in it.
I got these black and white tank tops because of the summer time and wanted something a little light. They are actually pretty thick and a little too big for me. I wanted the loose fit but its a bit big and I am 5'5 weighing about 150. So i thought it would be perfect for my size. Still an okay tank, but just be mindful of the size and fabric.
I love these sneakers!  They are so cute. I couldn't tell from the picture, but when they arrived I could see they had sparkles in the gray fabric. I love it!  I wouldn't like the sparkles in a color like pink, but in the grey its fantastic.They are very comfortable.  They were out of my size, so I bought a half size bigger, thinking I might need to put an insole in to make them more comfortable.  This is my first time buying Keens and I am pleasantly surprised at how well made they are.  The overall construction and fabric is very good and the most impressive is the insole.  It is supportive and has plenty of squish. I still put an extra insole in to take up the extra room, since I had to purchase a larger size, but if I could have gotten the 8.5, I normally wear, the insole the shoe comes with would have been just fine.I went for a 30 minute walk at lunch, I run up and downstairs at work and stand behind a customer counter- my feet feel fine at the end of the day.  Most of this style of shoe rubs my feet somewhere and I eventually get blisters, but these don't rub anywhere.  The fabric is well cushioned and lined for comfort.  I will definitely try Keens again.
I bought because they were cheap and for the price they look great can't wait to wear them in the summer
These earrings are everything you see here and more. I love the look and the feel.  The Peridot shimmers and glistens beautifully.  Very sweet earrings!Pros:designsizecomfortcoloroptions of gemstones in this stylegoldCons:soft metal
I bought them hopefully for comfort and they were very comfortable. I worn them when they came into my job. Thanks
This bangle bracelet is made very nicely! My daughter LOVED it and so was everyone who saw it! It came nicely and securely shipped and came before the date promised. I with they had different tones  and/or even different gemstone eye colors. I would recommend this!!!!!!
This deluxe version of the official Classic (TV series) Star Trek commander shirt is very nice.  It almost shouldn't get five stars because it actually fits very nicely. That is, the sleeves are long enough to cover the wrists and the bottom long enough to cover your tail.  In other words, it isn't authentic compared to the TV show because it looks too good and fits too well!  Remember how Spock and Kirk were always tugging down on their shirts?However, the better fit makes the shirt great as a costume. It is certainly 100% recognizable.
Does its job :) It's a little cheaply made.. but you get what you pay for. I really like it and recommend it to those who are just looking to wear it every once and a while
In the past when I have bought these sink mats they always came with little suction feet that hold them in place, but this one is fully reversible and only made of the &#34;pebble&#34; shapes, which means is slips around in the sink and does not stay in place. It is attractive and does the job, but when I purchase one again I will make sure it has the suction cups.
THE 2 TOPS I BOUGHT ARE THICK AND MADE LIKE A BOX, NO CURVE TO MAKE A SHAPE ON THE WAIST, NOT HAPPY
I'm skinny 6'2, and they were too small Like shorts , just a little below the knees:), and too tight for me. So looks like they can only fit someone very skinny up to 5'7 or even less. sad....Very nice looking leggings thought...
"Keen has done it again! I didn't think that there was such a thing as a hiking boot that could give me good traction, good looks & a comfortable fit, but leave it to Keen to solve the problem, & they solved mine with the Alamosa Mid Hiking Boot. Insert your foot into the boot & experience that""AHHH"" sensation...an insole that molds to YOUR foot & YOUR custom fit. Made to be worn with heavy socks, without any pinch or rub, or that cramping sensation I get in the ball of my foot when trying to break in a new pair of shoes.I wore them to volunteer at the Humane Society shelter today & had no slipping or skidding issues on the snow or ice. & a comfy stride on our indoor flooring. The style of the shoe is incredible. I glance down at my feet & expect to see wide, puffy clown shoes, but Keen has made a hiking boot that's got a touch of pizzazz to it...& that little something extra that Keen does that says, ""MY style!"" I love the boots & I LOVE Keens!!!"
This is the first time I bought a pair of dress shoes that had a cheap blue tingge color to them.  They look cheap, but wear well and are reasonably well constructed and comfortable.  These should last me 2 years before I will replace the heels.  Items arrived in a sturdy box in good condition and on time.
Very comfortable. Can be dressed up for work. Just add a scarf and cover the c. Love it will buy inn different color.
only under strong sunlight will it shine. stones are so cheaply done it is big disappointment. Stones look like they were not cut in the diamond shape, hence have no decent shine. Zirkonia can shine amazingly nice - we had a $5 ring we got in Germany and it was incredible, everyone thought it was a super expensive diamond. but THIS is crap.
Son loved the shirt - great fit - and very styles  for the college student and just the right fabric weight.
This bag is a bargain at the price.  It's roomy enough for a weekend, but small enough to fit comfortably under the plane seat.  It looks a lot nicer than the price tag.  When my sisters saw it, they wanted one of their own, and neither could believe the low price point.  I've had it for a few months and have used it on many trips, and so far it's held up well.  I like that it's big enough to carry clothes for the weekend along with workout clothes (similar bags haven't fit my sneakers).
Attempted to seal a crack inbetween the leather and the rubber on my work shoes. Cleaned them off, applied the goo, and let it sit for a couple days. Didn't stick to the leather, and was useless after 2 shifts at work. Appeared to stick to rubber fairly. Would not recommend for repairs other then rubber on rubber.
Boots came as expected. Extremely warm and waterproof as said and and execellent purchase would definitely buy from this seller again if needed to buy another pair of same boots!And I will highly recommend this seller to anyone looking to buy a pair of winter hiking boots anytime .Also great tread on boots!
I don't know how many pairs of pajama/lounge bottoms I bought for my husband over the years, just to have them shrink to ridiculously unwearable hobbit length after the very first laundry. Yes, he is 6'3, but even the tall sizes would shrink terribly. These sweats are perfect. They were great length at the beginning and they remained the same length after being washed and even dried in the dryer. They also wear well throughout the week and don't sag in the knees like some other knit pants do. These sweats compare very favorably to, say, Land's End sweats that go for $40.A note on sizing - I almost ordered XL after reading the reviews and glad that I went with L. DH is a solid 36, and L is a good (slightly roomy) fit.
I like these boots a lot - they have a motorcycle feel but are casual enough to wear with stretch jeans and a lot of laid back outfits.  I have semi-wide calfs and a size 10 just fit my calf with thin leggings or stretch boots tucked inside the boot.  The size 10 top opening is approximately 14&#34; in circumference 8.5&#34; up from the heel.
The quality is ok.  But the sizing of this shirt is way off.  I wear size small.  This fits like a large.
the shoes arrived very quickly and fit as expected. i love the low heel and they are very comfortable. i do recommend the shoe.
I am really enjoying my Skechers Shape-ups.  It seems to make a difference in the toning of your legs.  I actually think it has helped my arthritic knee!
I ordered several of these for upcoming trips.  I have a great carryon bag that has a tote bag to go with.  Putting the bag on top of the 4 wheeled carryon helps with stuff needed for the airplane ride and them the bottom part for other things.  The bungee helps keep the tote bag in place without sliding to the side etc.
Rose is Yellow. Not what I expected. Said it was to be white.  Just not happy with it.I guess I can't expect more since it was made in China.
I received this item today once again way sooner than expected I tried it on and I love it the bottoms fit great the top worried me a bit cuz it looked small and I wear a 36D but it wasn't a problem the girls stay inside the cup no matter what sudden movements I make lol and the bottoms are a secure fit so don't worry about loosing them in the water great buy for the price.
I don't know what to write about this product, but I'll try. I loved the fact that it is crotchless, and as one reason I wanted to get it for my wife. It is good quality for the price. The lace is rather sexy. Love it!
Very nice earrings. I bought these for my 8 yr old daughter and they are easy to put on and take off.They don't hurt her ears either so great buy!
These hiking boots were comfortable right out of the box.  We are planning a week of hiking in Glacier backcountry this summer, and wanted to get our boots broken in early so I ordered them a couple of months ago.  Well there was no need for that.  I have put many trail miles on these boots already.  They worked perfectly with my snowshoes, as well, and my feet stay warm and most importantly DRY.  I've also gotten lots of compliments on the looks of the boots.  I have the wine color and they are really vibrant and beautiful.  Very happy customer.***After the trip to Glacier:  These boots stood up to a week of hard mountain hiking and they are ready for more.  I might get another pair in a different color. Love 'em.
Everyone wants my boots! I purchased the cactus color first. I do a lot of waking at my job, and these are perfect. My feet did not hurt. Love them!
this was a great costume for halloween this year ... i wore it with a tutu underneath , white tights and gold high heels ...it looked awesome ..the picture's came out great and i got a salute from everyone i saw ...very happy with my purchase
This cross necklace looks really nice and more expensive than it costs by far, but the chain is very cheap looking. The cross is very large- to large for my taste, but I took it off the chain and used it for decoration as it is beautiful. If you like large necklaces you will really love this!
THIS RING IS NICE AND SPARKLES WELL EVEN THROUGH A LOT OF WEAR. THE ONLY THING I HAVE TO SAY IS THAT I WISH THE CROSS WAS MORE CURVED LIKE THE RING FOR A SMOOTHER LOOK AND LESS SNAG ISSUES.FITS TRUE TO SIZE AND IS A PERFECT REMINDER OF HOW GOD LOVES US.
I love this clogs!!! They look cuter than you see it on the picture! Buy it!!! you won't regret it!!!
Nice fit, great colors easy to care and easy to wear. Feels great against the skin and fit perfect. Great value and perfect for indoor or ranching. Have no complains.
KONOV you are my new brand name for great jewelry Everything what I got from you is piece of artYou love to wear it, you love to present it, you love to collect itI hope to have more business with youThis is more than I expectedThank you very much
Boy do i love these sandals. They are supremely comfy and look great to boot. I can't wear fashion sandals or shoes, and in the past, I've worn Keens in the summer, but they are so heavy and bulky looking. These are more comfortable and have a sleeker, feminine design. Plus, the colors are fun (I have tourquoise and they look good with nearly everything). I've worn my pair for two summers now, and they don't look like they need replacing any time soon.
Nice looking earrings but very tiny, too tiny for me so I gave to my friend's daughter as a gift.
I seldom wear jeans anymore as I am disabled and usually wear sweatpants. I needed a new pair of jeans. I looked at Levi 550's, but they were way too expensive. So I found Wrangler and they are half the price. They fit very well and are more comfortable than ever. I am happy with these jeans.
"If you have not already, I would recommend watching the video review on this page. It's currently ranked as the most helpful and it definitely steered me towards buying these shoes. Anyways, my experience with these shoes agrees with the consensus. The day after they arrived in the mail, I took them out for a 5 mile run and they performed splendidly.  I mostly run on the balls of my feet and I felt that these shoes complemented my form very well. Some reviewers say that running with these shoes is like running on air (or clouds) - I wouldn't go that far. The soles do absorb some amount of shock but you still feel a hard impact when you land on pavement. I think this is a good thing. My worst running experiences have been with shoes that provide too much cushion; they make you land ""softer"", but they can sometimes encourage an unnatural running form which may lead to injuries. Anyways, after my first run with these shoes, I was able to shave 30 secs/mile off my usual pace; I'm not sure if that's entirely due to the shoes, but they definitely helped.Other comments:-I bought a pair of size 11 M and they fit as expected.-If you lace your shoes in criss-cross fashion through every hole, you may not have enough lace left over to tie a neat bow. The video reviewer showed a neat trick to get around this. I just skipped a couple holes.We'll have to see how these shoes hold up, but so far so good."
Its just as described, I actually bought three of these for my bridesmaids in my wedding. They fit nice, look nice but one bad quality.THEY SMELL HORRIBLE. Im talking like disgusting. I put them in a bag with dryer sheets, sprayed body spray on them, everything, the smell just wont go away. I can't even describe it. its just nasty.would give this 5 stars if it wasn't for the god awful smell.
Very comfortable fit!
Bought this in black and beige, you will never regret THIS purchase! The Bali Wirefree Bra is the most comfortable bra I have ever worn. I'm in my 50's so trut me, I've warn alot of bras  ;)  I will never come close to finding anything as perfect as this bra. The bras with wires are extremely uncomfortable, instead I just tighen the straps, which gives me the lift I want and the comfort stays. This truly is the only Brand and Type bra I will ever use again! GREAT PURCHASE GREAT PRODUCT!
I purchased this cheap wallet to serve as a &#34;throwaway&#34; wallet when I'm running. It's a kind of mugging insurance. I fill it with fake money and credit cards. The thieves will runaway happy and fulfilled, while my belongings remain mine. It's just one tool in a survival arsenal for the big city. I was really surprised to discover that the quality of this wallet is good enough to serve as a real wallet.
These starting wearing thin pretty quickly.  I upgraded to the more expensive but better constructed Sorel's.  Even though they are pricey, if you don't have to replace them every 9 months, it's worth it.
Arrived a few days early and they are super soft and so pretty. The packaging is just the plastic pack they are mailed in which I didn't like, after reading other reviews I figured I would risk it about the size and I am really glad I only gave a few dollars. If you have any muscle in your thigh and have some hips these will not fit. I was so disappointed they are made for a child or a someone who is a double 0 to 1. They had a few strings from the hem but if you take a lighter to it quick they wont run. The material is really super soft and there is no tag which I like. Other then taking forever to ship and being cut so small they would be a good purchase for what I spent Super bummed I cant wear them. :(
What a dress!!! This dress is amazing! At first I was hesitant to buy it because there have been a few not so good reviews, but it was on sale for a great price so I thought I didn't have much to loose.I am so glad I bought this dress! The more I try the different ways to wear it, the better it looks!! I did go to the brand website to find all the different ways to wear this dress There were 15 different ways to wear the dress, including a way to wear this dress as a shirt! I think that is one reason people gave it bad reviews is because the sides are weird if you don't do the twisting and pulling they show you to do in the videos they have on their site.I am so glad I bought this dress! I defiantly will buy more especially if on sale!!!!
Over the course of a year I have lost 70lbs....now being at 120lbs I am content, but my butt isn't as meaty as it once was...and with my busy schedule, I don't have timme to keep up with the gym and yoga as often as I would like because that is the only way I can maintain my behind!I love bodycon dresses but my butt just didn' t pop on them, especially my side profile. So I figured I should see what my options are since  I have never bought padded underwear...I'd figure before indulging into some 'high end' (40$) padded pantie I should purchase something reasonable....Due to past reviewers indicating the legs are tight, I did end up orderin a large, ( my measurents are: 36-26-36 5 ft7'')I found the large very comfortabe ,a bit loose on the waist, so I do have to hike them up higher then i normally would.I tried the panties on with my bodycon dresses, and I feel I will most likely wear the padded underwear with that type of attire.For everyday wear ( such as with jeans etc) I don't know about that because I am still not use to the idea of wearing padding on the butt....even though the underwear makes me look better in my skinny jeans...We will see how it goes....
The heel is quite tall for my normal wear, but they were comfortable enough to wear around the office sitting most of the day. The strap is a little tight over the top of my foot, but my arches cause for me to have a bit of an exaggerated hump on the top of my foot. Overall good product and comfort as expected for the shoe style.
I was buying this to use as my wedding dress, because honestly, I am not a gown kinda girl. I read the reviews and knew to order by measurement AMD not typical size. I weigh 200lbs and wear a size 18/20 and am 5'8. I ordered the 4x and it fits perfectly! Love it!
This is a GREAT bathrobe. I didn't buy it because it was &#34;Jedi&#34;, I bought it for the look and size.The color is unique and sets it aside from cookie cutter robes.The quality is top notch.Length is better than most robes for guysTowel/Terry cloth material makes it not too soft but not rough either equaling the perfect blend of comfort.The hood? Awesome! Just plain greatness.Not as long as some reviews stated. I am 6'2, 195lbs and ordered a large. The robe comes just above my ankles. This isn't necessarily a negative as it is still much longer than most robes on the market.I suggest washing it and air drying to get the excess fibers off as it does shed quite a bit upon arrival.For the price, quality and appearance you really can't go wrong with this robe.As I purchase more than 250 items a year from Amazon I always give my honest rating and opinion.This robe earns 5 starsHope this review helps your decision to buy easier!
These are not durable nor reusable. You can kiss your kid's safety goodbye as soon as they go on a water ride at an amusement park.
It is very difficult to find work boots for women.  I needed something sturdy for working on the farm, mucking out the barn, etc. These are it! Love, love, love them! They hug your feet and make you feel stable while walking. No more worries of turning my ankle or hurting my knees, and I wont be afraid the cow will step on my foot either! Oh, and they look great too! BONUS! :)
Ladies this is a MUST HAVE the set itself looks so much better than the picture, i received so many Complements, looks like you spent well in the hundreds for it, if that what people think, JUST SMILE......
My friend who I got this for really loved it! It was a great design and made from a sturdy metal.
Nobody really thinks they're getting discount Ugg's, but for my 9-year-old daughter I cheaped-out and bought these.  They are definitely adequate, but they fuzz too much on the inside, the foot lining feels weird and like they are synthetic that is shedding (even though they are listed as being all-natural), and they smell a little.  Ugg's never do.  The boots look really nice, but next time we're going with Ugg's.
For those saying it's made for 'well endowed women' I completely disagree. I got a small and am a 34 B and it fit me super snug and framed my boobs perfectly. It is a gorgeous sweater. It is not awkward at all. It is a very quality material and very comfortable. I highly recommend this!
This bag is perfect for young professionals or students who need to carry items such as books or laptops in a convenient over-the-shoulder bag. The bag is well-constructed with a soft leather, which may show nicks and scratches with heavy use, but I have thus far only experienced very minor, unnoticeable scuffs. The buckle is actually a magnet so it's easy to open and close, yet holds in place very well thanks to the design of the buckle. The bag is designed in a sleek, elegant aesthetic, and the padded strap sits comfortably on the shoulder.The bag is bigger than I expected. I was easily able to fit two medium-sized books, a laptop, stethoscope, penlight, reflex hammer, and I still had room for other things. There is a caveat, however. Although the dimensions of the bag may allow you to fit these things, the pliability of the material and lack of padding makes items in the bag vulnerable to damage. A laptop could easily fit, but be mindful when putting it down on hard surfaces, since the material is significantly softer than what you would find on a book bag.That said, I would recommend this bag for anyone in need of a lightweight messenger bag.Pros:- Generous size- Sleek, elegant design- Easy to open and close buckle- Comfortable strapCons:- Lack of protection- Soft leather
This is a beautiful hat!  It is my all time ever favorite &#34;looking&#34; hat.  Every time I wore it, I got compliments.  It fit wonderful.  It was quirky, stylish, and cute as could be!  Until the third time I wore it.  A hole developed in the middle of the thing.  Like it came unhinged; unglued; unsewn; UNRAVELED.  I was able to salvage it by using a thin pony tail holder over the hole to keep it together.  I was so sad. Seriously.  I loved this hat.  I was thinking about buying other colors.  I hate hats that fit so tight you feel like your brains are being sucked out.  Or that make your head hot and sweaty.  Or that mess your hair all up.  This had did NONE of that!  I was so in love with it.  Until it fell apart... on DAY 3.  It makes me so sad.  I really loved this hat.
I have a narrow ribcage but large breasts (I wear a 32 H when nursing). I'm on baby #3 and have nursed all 3. This is the the best and most comfortable bra I've found. I also like the Anita 5041 and Jeunique. The Jeunique is a bit of a tank and the 5041 runs a bit small in the cup. This one runs very true to size and holds up well.
Seriously, I actually look forward to putting these on after a shower.  They are THE most comfortable pair of briefs I've ever owned.  The waistband, legs, and pouch are all incredibly soft but with great elasticity.  I was tired of buying FOTL and Hanes so I purchased a set of these along with a set of the DKNY and CK briefs, and these Dockers are hands down the best.  The DKNY were second and the CK were third, although I still like all three sets.  The only note I have is that I would consider these a lowrise brief, not midrise, but I suppose that's subjective.
I always like skechers, but this time, I really don't like it. It doesn't fit me. It is tighter than my size. It is really painful when I wear it.  :S
Like this show but you have to buy a larger size as it runs smaller. I had to buy a size 9 and I wear a 7 1/2 or 8. but is nice dancing shoe and comfy.  Like the light weight and slides easy. careful with sizing.
He wanted these for our vacation last month and he said they fit great. He like the blue and black color.
The best leggings ever!  Super warm and comfortable.  I didn't have an issue with the smell as some of the other reviews I read.  Ordered it through amazon prime and got it right away.  Great buy.
I like this beret. It is lightweight and I was afraid I'd lose it in the terrible wind storm we had on the first day I wore it. The color is nice and so is the price. I'll probably be buying different colors of the same style.
I ordered 4 different dresses from this vendor.  Expected to keep 2...loved and kept all 4.  Ordered 2 small and 2 medium.  No problem exchanging the mediums for small.  Wore in last trip to Anquilla.  So versatile.  I would wear at end of day into evening and even slept in them.  They are not see through but very lite, soft and comfortable.  I did wash when I got home..no dryer.
Great product to have to protect your investment it works well and easy to use and makes your ugg's look like new.
I use this every night for my wedding and engagement rings. It's handy and gives me a little piece of France. It's solid, not cheap and shiny. A nice addition if you need a quick ring holder.
Teva makes the best most comfortable shoe ever. Will definetely get a lot of good use. I have worn Teva sandals for 5 years that still look good and are comfortable
Got these for my teenage daughter and she really liked them and wears them a lot said they are excellent looking and at an affordable price
Sendt it back, no padding or even coverage in the cup. don't bother unless it is the only one in your size.
I love this top. It fits perfectly, the material is super soft and comfortable..it stretches and fits snug at the same time making me feel comfortable and sexy! The packaging is always so nice and professional looking. It is like a received a gift in the mail!
These shirts seem to be of excellent quality if you like heavy T-shirts. I deducted one star only because they are extremely long for a T-shirt. I will have to tuck it in or it will hang down almost to my knees. Someone that is tall won't have this problem but i am short.
My 7 year old daughter had a blast with this one.  Not that she wore them afterwards, she just loves looking at the small charms which were exactly that - charming.  Acceptable quality and something that I would give to other kids as well as gifts!  A refreshing alternative to tasteless advent calendar chocolates!
I LOVE this hat. By far the best hat I've found.  When I first found it, it was exactly what I was searching for, and I loved it the moment I put it on - it protects better than I hoped.  I wear it exclusively in the winter, and in cold temps.  Keeps me warm and dry, holding snugly so I don't lose it in high winds.  In fact, I have two in case I lose one as I did last winter (fell out the car).  I live in the midwest, and was surprised at how well it protects my head against rain, snow, cold and wind.  Although it will get wet, it's layered and keeps you dry longer and I spray mine with extra 'camp dry'. It is designed with insulating layered quality to keep warmth in and cold out - and I keep my hair cropped very short.  Although some say it's a bit tight, when it's cold, windy with rain or snow, this stays put and cuts the wind. I will not leave out in the winter without it, (unless I have my Carhartt knit cap, also very warm).Washes up nicely but - This WILL SHRINK in the dryer so if that's an issue, wash but do not dry it in heat.  Maintains shape well too.  These will not wear out.  I gave away the 2 hats that I accidentally shrank in the dryer and bought new.  I prefer two when I'm working in the winter, so one can dry out while I wear the other. They are cheap when you realize how they protect your head and last, last, last... did I say last?
These shoes are great. They fit perfectly as well. The price wasn't too bad either. I would like to get them in other colors.
I bought this watch about 2 months ago, and am really happy with it.  I actually prefer the looks with stainless bracelet over my more expensive Seiko SKX173 with rubber strap, and it keeps time just as well.  I rotate through several watches, and between a place on my wrist and many days on a watch winder it's not had to be adjusted since I bought it, except for the date due to only 30 days in June.  Sometimes I'm afraid to scratch up my more costly Submariner, Dive Master 500, Luminox 1842 field watch, or Citizen Titanium, and I'll gladly wear the Orient knowing it's easy to get polished or replaced if it comes into harms way.I love watches that don't need to have a battery replaced, and don't really like the quartz movement in general, although I see a place for them when you don't want to use a watch winder or have to reset the watch after taking a break from using it for a while.  I have several Citizen watches which are solar powered quartz watches and eliminate the need for batteries, but they don't feel as luxurious as a self winding watch like the Submariner and Orient.  I think I'd feel more highly about the Seiko if it had a stainless steel bracelet like the Orient.In the budget category I have a nice Stuhrling 200M dive watch and a Nautica, both in SS with steel bracelets and both beating out every $50-$150 Invicta I've owned, but if I had bought this Orient first I likely would have never bought the others.
Nice sneaker ! Price was right and a very comfy sneaker.I will buy these again when I need a new pair .
Very nice quality sweatshirt. Feels like soft cotton, and is warm and comfortable. Best of all, from my perspective, the overall length and sleeve length is perfect. I am 6ft. 170 lbs. (I went with size Large). Many hooded sweatshirts I buy are too short and I'm usually unhappy with my appearance. Not the case with this sweatshirt. Also for your information I've washed and dried this (normal heat setting) and it doesn't shrink. Highly recommend.
This is the third color I bought in the same item ~ a beautiful color and couldn't be any more comfortable. I've been wearing them as nightgowns for years. I'm a size 6 and this is roomy but doesn't appear to big for me. Just comfy and loungy.
Very over-sized, which is probably a good thing for some but even with the draw string there was no way these shorts would ever look right. Overall the shorts were fine but ran HUGE.
I love this pattern. The only thing is that the tops of my calves are a little wide, and the top two branches are a little less stretchy than the surrounding material, so they cause the sock to warp a bit.
These bodysuits are one of the better made as far as material and craftsmanship.  They are extremely soft and cute.They did shrink when washed, but not as much as many of the others on the market.The ones that we got run a little small, so you may want to order larger since your little one will be growing quickly anyway.
My 8 y/o was exited and refused to take it of for like a week, cant comment on how it will hold (print), I washed it twice - no reduction in quality yet. I bought size 10-12 (he is in 8-10), so it is slightly big, but I hope it will last longer. Kinda pricy
These shoes are perfect! They are dressy enough for the office, but oh so comfortable! They were a little hard at first and needed some breaking in. After about a week of wear, they fit like a glove!
I have never had any issue with sensitive ears, but I purchased these in several sizes and every pair bothered my ears so badly they became infected.  I'm unable to wear them.
Fit well, very comfortable. The air pocket heel gives you the feel of a sneaker while wearing a flip flop.
The quality and fit were great, she loves them because she can wear them under other scratchy shirts.  And once again I am having to add nonsense to get enough words to meet the minimum requirement when I have already covered the ground necessary.
I didn't realize these pants were basically jeggings, and that's good, because I probably wouldn't have ordered them if I had, and I would have missed out on something very comfortable!  They do run a little bit big...maybe half a size.I matched them with this shirt and I swear, I feel like I'm out and about in my pajamas!http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0085R3BAG/ref=oh_details_o03_s00_i02?ie=UTF8&psc;=1
This bead looks just as pictured, it fints on it seems almost any thing. It is a perfect added bead for any pet lover. Very happy with!
Not good quality. This is cheaply made and it broke the first day I got it. I was able to put it back together, but it just broke again.
Wow! When I saw these, my wanter really started wanting! My daughter's birthday is on St. PATRICK'S DAY so I thought of her. This necklace is nothing short of being gorgeous! It glistens with the slightest move! It has Austrian crystals on top GOD crystals and the Sterling silver gleams as weft. I love this pendantSo I bought two!
These are adorable pj's.  I bought them for our youngest for Christmas.  The fabric is similar to a medium weight t-shirt, and it's holding up really well in the laundry, not pilling or fading at all.
This was one of my daughter's BD (#17) gifts, and she loved it!It had been on her Amazon Wish List for quite a while (love that wish-list! it's so easy to get her the EXACT perfect present, since she chose it herself!) It exceeded her expectations; it was more beautiful and better-made than she had expected (and if she's happy, I'm happy!)
This sandal is flattering to your feet and very comfortable to wear.  Looks good with pants, skirts or sun dresses.
I like the clock and everything - the price was right - however on wearing it the first time the chain snapped - i haven't gotten around to trying to fix it - but for the price what can you expect  - worth buying and replacing the chain if you need to. :)
I love this purse! I've had no problem with the lining ripping and I use it every day. My iPad Mini in its Otter is case fits in it along with sunglasses case, wallet and other items. I love the pockets for other small items, makes it so easy to keep from having to dig for my keys
After buying several brands of underwear, I finally found these that fit well and are comfortable.  I used to find them at Walmart, but not anymore.  Thanks, Amazon, for selling these.
I'm so surprise when i received the watch, it's wonderful and pretty for this price, and deliver are faster then i expected,i'm so glad i ordered this watch, i'll not recommend it to my friends, why? because i'll send it to them to be a gift, i think they will love it as i feel.
..buena calidad de la ropa para dama, lo que m&aacute;s gusta es la calidad, se lo recomend&eacute; a los amigos
All of the costumes I purchased did NOT included the tiara or wand...  The pictures are deceiving, and even some of the descriptions.  Be sure to research fully what you are truly getting!  The dresses themselves are cute, however!
These socks are great and durable for my big tall guy! They wash and wear very nicely. You can't go wrong Hanes at this price.
nice soft quality v neck tee for the grown man casual summer wear. I have bought five in different colors. they are perfect especially after the first wash. they stand up nice.
I got it in the Banana Bread Leather (light brown) color. I have medium-to-wide feet, mostly being able to get away with an 8M. After reading all the reviews, I ordered the 8W, and they fit like regular 8Ms. I could imagine how tight they would be if you were a true wide. Even though they fit me, I'm still returning them, because I didn't realize the toes were so pointy. Otherwise, it's a good shoe, solid for its height with good traction.
I ordered an extra large just in case it was to small. I rather have the shirt to loose than to tight. I can I should have gone the next size up.
these are beautiful and a great gift for my sister but they were a little bigger than expected which can be a good or bad thing depending on what you are looking for---my sister loved them
I am a size 8 so I ordered the biggest size available (L) and it might have fit if I'd bought 2 and sewn them together. It was also much longer than I expected. The material was a pretty color and felt nice. It's a shame about the size. Returned, no larger size to trade up to.
Crystal clear, comfortable on my face and head, they stay in place, don't slide down my nose when running.  Best running sunglasses I've found.
Comfortable and unique!  Arrived on time and found them on site early.  That's what online shopping should be all about!
these boots are better than uggs because they have support in them i cut hair and walk my dog these are the best
It oxidizes my jewelry pieces so I don't like it!!All my Jewelry were stained with this product... I was really mad
I purchase the royal blue and it looks vibrant in person. I love it since you can wear this with anything, and it's light weight.
Beautiful and comfortable. As a heavy, older woman my feet take a beating if the shoe isn't padded and made well. These are! Wish I had gotten one in every color!
I was a bit skeptical about the quality of the necklace seeing as it was only $.75 cents with free shipping but once it arrived I couldn't be happier with it! It's eye catching and looks much more expensive that it is. These would make awesome gifts for anyone that is looking for something nice but not too pricey.I wear mine often and it has held up well, I get lots of compliments on it and people are always shocked to hear it was less than a dollar!
these are wonderful, i got a length size smaller than what i should have but, they are good, bright red and not thick
These are just what I was looking for to wear with my tall boots. Bought 2 different colors of the same warmer. Size is just right with my larger calves and they stay up!
I really enjoy these shorts.  They are very lightweight and breathable.  The gravel color doesn't really let the wrinkles show, but I think a lighter color possibly could.  I wear them frequently and may order another pair.
Finally a line of clothing that fits well, without advertising my flaws.  It is also very comfortable to wear, which is rare considering I hate wearing anything other than cotton or athletic wear (self wicking).  When I first tried it on I thought it was tight, but that was because I forgot to untie the back gather.  There are two gathers on this top, one is in the front and the other is in the back.  I think this is why it was so easy to wear since I was able to adjust it and it still looked good.  The material feels like soft slinky polyester (not the scratchy kind, but the kind that feels comfortable and stretchy).  It breathes well - reminiscent of the athletic wear that I use for skating.  I already bought two other of their tops and am waiting for a fourth one to return to stock.  I normally wear a size 12 in pants, and a large in tops.  This 1X fits like a large (size 14), the difference is that with the gathers you can cinch it down to look like a size 12.
Sally Dimsdale. This pair came correctly labeled but not the same size. Right foot way too small. I will return them.
How exciting.  Apparently it is hard to find comfy pants as a guy.  These give room to move, great brand.
Design of the braclet was nice, very light weight the size was too small.  I suggest you try one size up to what you normally purchase. I returned and debated if to re order but choose not to.
Watch was smaller than what I was expecting - the clasp also didn't work.Due to both of those issues I decided to return.The retro look of this watch is cool -- just didn't work for me.
Fits well and is very comfortable, even when I am on my feet a lot.  Can be worn with pants or a dress.
this is a t-shirt. a white one. it's great. especaly for when you want to wear a white t-shirt. buy them if that's what you are looking for.
